Chapter 1: Angel Sisters’ Healing? 
TL: Sungmin 
“Jie jie jie~” 
The sounds around him were incredibly creepy, making Lin Tian slowly open his eyes. 
He was confused. 
The scene in front of him made his hair stand on end, his back went cold! 
Everywhere, there were sharp-toothed, big-nosed, pointy-eared, small-limbed, deformed-looking monsters! 
Because the light was dim, their blood-red eyes made it even more terrifying! 
Lin Tian’s mind had only one thought, a firm thought. 
This place was the netherworld, and those around him were evil spirits! 
Because he was already dead, hit and killed by a car. 
However, a shy, hurried cry came from a distance, making his blood boil. 
Lin Tian looked in the direction of the sound, his spirit jolted, “Hiss! Have I gone to the netherworld, or have I gone to Western Pure Land?” 
Just ten meters away, something was happening that made one’s blood surge! 
Two pure-looking girls were being dominated and used by several “evil spirits.” 
“This is paradise, it must be paradise! Otherwise, why would there be angel sisters to heal us?” 
The more Lin Tian thought about it, the more excited he became! 
Because of his position, it seemed like he was in line! 
There were eight or nine evil spirits in front of him and a long line behind him. 
All were waiting for the angel sisters’ healing. 
“Save me! Why is this happening, why am I being violated by these lowly creatures! But my body won’t listen to me!” 
“Don’t save me, I want to die! I don’t want to give birth to disgusting goblins!” 
Hearing the angel sisters’ voices, Lin Tian was stunned. 
“Wait, why are the angel sisters crying for help? Hiss, goblins? These ghostly things are goblins?!” 
Suddenly, Lin Tian realized he had crossed into another world! 
And he had reincarnated as a lowly monster from anime, a goblin! 
Although he didn’t want to accept it, he couldn’t refuse the angel sisters’ “healing”. 
Goblin or not, he decided to get the job done first! 
At this moment, an invisible force was surging crazily within Lin Tian, making it impossible to think of anything else. 
Soon it was his turn, with only two goblins ahead in line. 
If there had been space, he would have rushed forward already. 
But suddenly, a roar came from the bushes ahead! It made everyone’s hearts tremble! 
“Scum! I’ll kill you all!” 
Four or five tall humans rushed out! The flash of swords and shadows! 
Of course, they were all around 1.7 meters tall, but to goblins, who were only about a meter tall, they seemed towering. 
They wore simple armor, held iron swords, and wooden shields, their faces full of intense hatred! 
“Ugh ah!” 
In an instant, the goblins lying on the human girls were cut down by sharp blades! 
Green, sticky, foul-smelling blood splattered all over Lin Tian! 
After reacting, twenty-three goblins around quickly picked up wooden sticks to fight back! They swarmed like bees! 
Among the humans, a nun in a white robe stood out, holding a magical book that moved without wind. 
She began chanting a spell! 
“First-tier magic, Holy Light Impact!” 
“Boom!” 
A blinding golden holy light exploded, and with a strong impact, all the goblins were blown away ten meters. 
Lin Tian couldn’t avoid it either, feeling like all his bones were about to break. 
“Captain, kill me…” 
On the ground, a girl cried, her eyes full of despair. 
The stubbly man with the iron sword had a heavy expression, suddenly thrusting his sword down! 
Another girl had already bled to death, her blood sticky and foul-smelling. 
The stubbly man roared, “These disgusting scum have mated with humans, they must not be spared!!! Kill!” 
The genes of goblins were very peculiar. 
Besides being able to devour the flesh and blood of other creatures to gain abilities and evolve, 
They could also improve their potential by mating. 
For instance, a goblin that never mated would never evolve and would have a maximum level of 10. 
Even mating with low-level animals like wild boars or baboons, could increase its level cap. 
But if it mated with magical creatures or other races, it could evolve into a big goblin. 
If it mated with humans, it would evolve into a big goblin even faster! 
The stronger the mating partner, the higher the evolution cap, potentially evolving into a goblin hero or even a goblin overlord. 
Moreover, goblin secretions contained special components that, once a female creature came into contact with them, would forcefully override their consciousness, making them almost entirely lose the ability to resist, completing the mating. 
“Avenge them!” 
In an instant, the battle broke out! 
Of course, it was a one-sided slaughter. These humans had incredible combat power, slicing through the goblins like chopping vegetables. 
For Lin Tian, who had never fought, it was terrifying. 
All he saw were severed limbs! 
The ground was covered in foul-smelling blood, making it hard to take a step. 
As he hesitated on how to step, the goblins had already been slaughtered, leaving only him. 
“Captain, what about this goblin?” 
The white-robed nun used magic to encase Lin Tian and spoke. 
Lin Tian inexplicably felt comfortable and hurriedly begged for mercy, “I’m human! I actually reincarnated as a goblin. Don’t kill me, Sister Nun! I believe in God, Jesus Christ, and the Holy Mother bless you!” 
Involuntarily, Lin Tian began to fantasize about being taken in by the nun sister, developing feelings, and reaching the pinnacle of life. 
This was the typical trope of a world-crossing story. 
But the next second, the previously charming nun’s face turned icy cold, her eyes filled with disdain, as if looking at a pile of shit. 
She said, “What a disgusting thing. How dare you mention God? The Holy Mother’s name coming from your mouth is a sin!” 
She then prepared to take Lin Tian down with a spell. 
At this moment, the stubbly man spoke, “Wait, this goblin seems a bit clever. Let’s take him back first. I want to study him; he might be a mutant.” 
The two exchanged glances and smiled. 
Lin Tian didn’t notice anything amiss, feeling extremely grateful, “Great, Brother Captain, when I turn back into a human, I’ll repay you well!” 
“Is that so? Then I’ll be waiting for your repayment!” 
However, after being taken back, Lin Tian was completely dumbfounded! 
… 
“Look at this poor little guy, he’s barely breathing anymore. It’s my fault for being too rough.” 
“I’m going to cut off that thing of his and make it into a specimen.” 
“Boring, I played with him for just half a month and killed him. Not even recovery potions could save him.” 
“Let’s catch a few more next time.” 
Listening to their mocking voices, Lin Tian’s consciousness gradually faded. 
Finally, he died in this life. 
Around him were various torture tools stained with green sticky blood, and the stubbly man and others were laughing smugly, still unsatisfied. 
[Ding! Life Simulation System binding!] 
[You died because of your stupidity, forgetting that you were a goblin. How could humans trust or pity you? 
You died from endless torture and pain. 
The suffering of these days has even imprinted on your soul. 
As a transmigrator, this is the most tragic death, without exception. 
Finally, your body was made into feed and completely devoured by a pig like ‘Mon-chan.’] 
[Life will restart shortly] 
[Remaining lives: x3] 
[Remaining life simulation attempts: x1, cooldown time 10 days] 
(Tip: Current longest simulation progress is 1 year) 
TL: Damn lol. So slight deviation from the manhua: the MC here actually didn’t save anyone. It also seems like the role of the nun and the knight captain is reversed. 
Western Pure Land -&gt; Sukhavati, the equivalent of heaven in Buddhism. 
Mon-chan -&gt; pretty sure he’s this guy <a href="https://www.tiktok.com/@jouboo4/video/7244212519361940741?lang=en">https://www.tiktok.com/@jouboo4/video/7244212519361940741?lang=en</a> who went super viral 
Hi everyone, it’s still early in the novel, and that means it’s really important for it to receive some attention. If you enjoy the premise somewhat, please consider posting a review on Novel Updates! 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 2: Survive! 
TL: Sungmin 
[Congratulations, you are back to the moment you just transmigrated. 
As a Goblin, you are preparing to enjoy the angel sister, but be aware that the system’s gift of lives has only two left. 
If you use them all, you will die completely.] 
“Hehe, hahaha! Being able to mate with a human, it’s worth dying for!” 
“Hurry up, hurry up!” 
“These two breeding tools can still be used for a long time!” 
A group of Goblins shouted excitedly, still lined up in a long queue as before. 
Lin Tian revived again, but the intense heartache from the torment remained! 
It truly felt branded into his soul. 
His facial expression gradually twisted, looking more and more like a Goblin. 
Remembering what happened before, he started running backward desperately. He had to escape! He had to run as far as possible while he could! 
No matter how tempting the angel sisters on the ground was, he didn’t look at them. 
As long as there were mountains left, he wouldn’t worry about not having cute angel girls in the future. 
Sure enough, after running only a few dozen meters, he heard the sounds of a fierce battle from where he had been. 
As before, it was a one-sided slaughter. 
“I must escape! Escape! I want revenge!” 
Lin Tian’s expression was filled with hatred as he used all his strength to flee. 
“Swish!” 
Suddenly, a blinding cold light flashed in front of him! 
The stubbly man had already caught up. 
There was also the white-robed nun, looking at him like he was garbage, as always. 
Coldly, she said, “This disgusting little cockroach almost escaped, Captain, how should we deal with it?” 
Something seemed to explode in Lin Tian’s mind! 
They caught up with him even like this! 
Turning his head, he realized he had only run about a hundred meters. The Goblin’s legs were too short, and its overall strength was too poor. 
For these human experts, they could catch up in six or seven seconds. 
“Damn it, should I fight?” 
Lin Tian gritted his teeth and unexpectedly found that looking at the stubbly man, a symbol appeared above his head. It must be the system’s ability. 
[Loder: Lv25<br/>
Race: Human<br/>
Profession: Swordsman<br/>
Title: Leader of the Blades of Valor, Disciple of the Sword Saintess<br/>
Health: 200<br/>
Strength: 30<br/>
Defense: 50<br/>
Skills: Sword Qi Slash, Sword Dance, Holy Skill·Sword Return to Heaven<br/>
Equipment: Iron Armor, Iron Sword, Level 1 Recovery Potion<br/>
Overall: 400] 
Looking at these attributes, Lin Tian was stunned! 
There was no chance of victory, with an overall combat power of 400! 
And he himself was less than 50! 
[Small Goblin: Lv5<br/>
Race: Goblin<br/>
Profession: None<br/>
Title: Low-level Monster, God’s Blessing<br/>
Health: 20<br/>
Strength: 5<br/>
Defense: 5<br/>
Skills: Gene Devour<br/>
Equipment: None<br/>
Overall: 30] 
Looking at his weak attributes, Lin Tian wasn’t too surprised. 
After all, Goblins were always the easy-to-kill small monsters in games and anime. 
But coincidentally, he was a creature blessed by a god. 
Gained some unique abilities, such as body fluids that could make all females lose the ability to resist and fall in love with Goblins. 
At this moment, the stubbly man Loder said evilly, “We can’t let it off easily; we must make it wish for death! To avenge our new members!” 
“They were too careless, acting alone in this enchanted forest, not only getting severely injured by a demonized steel-toothed boar but also getting… by these disgusting cockroaches.” 
The white-robed nun spoke, her face becoming slightly evil as well. 
Lin Tian had already seen through their nature, struggling with all his might to escape, but it was futile. 
… 
[You died again, hung on a tree and cut into pieces, wild dogs followed the scent of blood and ate you completely. 
You overestimated your strength, Goblins are indeed the lowest creatures on this continent. 
You also underestimated human strength, especially since the other side is a disciple of the Sword Saintess. 
Transmigrator, you have only two lives left. 
Keep going.] 
“Swish!” 
With a buzzing in his head, Lin Tian returned to the moment of queuing again. 
This time, he came back with even deeper pain. 
Lin Tian gritted his teeth and quickly calmed down because time was short! 
There was at most one minute to react. If he couldn’t think of a way to escape, what awaited him was still death. 
And a more painful death! 
“Running is definitely out, reasoning won’t work either. Who would believe a Goblin?” 
Lin Tian thought quickly. 
Although he had one life left, he wouldn’t allow such a ridiculous thing to happen, dying three times in a row. What kind of protagonist would that make him? 
Who would be willing to play the protagonist’s role of counterattacking in a desperate situation? Whoever wants to play, go ahead, but I need to save my own life! 
Suddenly, a flash of inspiration hit him. 
He shouted, “Everyone prepare for battle! Prepare for battle! Humans are about to attack!” 
Then he stepped forward and pulled the goblins off the angel’s body. 
Because the ones who enjoyed it first were always the strongest goblins in the group. 
They were caught off guard and instantly killed at the start, so the first two times, the entire army was wiped out in less than a minute. 
As long as he could hold out for a little longer, even if it was just three minutes, he could escape! 
Upon hearing the word “humans,” the goblins’ expressions instantly became alert. 
These creatures were not particularly stupid, just purely evil, with nothing but malicious thoughts in their heads. 
Immediately, those with wooden sticks grabbed their sticks, those without picked up stones to throw, and some hid to launch surprise attacks. 
Seeing this, Lin Tian quickly started to run away, not caring about anything else! 
The other goblins were still a bit confused. Didn’t he say there were humans? Why was he running away? 
Before long, the bearded men arrived as expected, disregarding why Lin Tian was running away, and directly started the battle! 
This time, because they were prepared, dodging and pulling away, the goblins survived for much longer. 
Some of those ambushing even managed to scratch and bite the white-robed nun. 
But in the end, these goblins only lasted five minutes. 
But for Lin Tian, that was enough! 
“They didn’t chase me. Finally! Finally, I survived!” 
Lin Tian ran frantically, looking back from time to time, until he ran until dawn. 
Finally, he had survived the dark night! 
In the distance, there were flickering campfires and scattered tree leaf shelters. 
It seemed to be a small goblin settlement. 
There were probably over a hundred goblins. 
In this forest overrun by demonic creatures, he certainly couldn’t survive alone; he could only seek warmth in numbers. 
Lin Tian immediately walked over, but to his surprise, he was not welcomed but tied up. 
“Boss, we caught a goblin from another tribe! We have breakfast!” 
A small leader holding a stone spear stepped on Lin Tian’s head and said. 
In the goblin world, there was no such thing as compatriots. 
Only members of the same tribe could coexist harmoniously. 
Because goblins reproduced very quickly, with no reproductive isolation, the pregnancy period for any creature was at most a month. 
The offspring took only fifteen days to fully develop their reproductive systems. 
By this calculation, if willing to reproduce, a single goblin could develop a tribe of over a hundred goblins in just three months. 
This was why they were called cockroaches. 
They reproduced too fast to be completely killed. 
From a gray-black shack, a trembling old goblin walked out. 
A few strands of messy white hair topped its head, its skin had turned from green to gray-black, covered with warts and blotches. 
It wore several bone-made ornaments around its neck and leaned on a staff made from a human skull. 
It seemed he had killed humans, and perhaps even mated with them. 
Lin Tian’s pupils shrank; it was a “Goblin Priest”! 
[Big Goblin: Lv25<br/>
Race: Goblin<br/>
Profession: Priest<br/>
Title: Breeding Machine, Old and Cunning, God’s Blessing<br/>
Health: 102<br/>
Strength: 29<br/>
Defense: 17<br/>
Skills: Gene Devour, Call, Thorn Control<br/>
Equipment: Skull Staff, Bone Necklace<br/>
Overall: 200] 
This was no longer a small goblin but a big goblin variant! 
Big goblins were a general term, including goblin warriors, goblin assassins, goblin priests, evil goblins, swift goblins, etc. 
Their base level cap was thirty. 
There were also hero variants, mutant variants, leader variants, overlord variants, king variants, and so on. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 3: Female Goblin!! 
TL: Sungmin 
“Kehehe.” 
Upon emerging, the Goblin Priest gave a sinister smile, its hollow, crimson eyes glaring at Lin Tian. 
Then it turned to leave. 
Taking this as approval, the small leader prepared to start a fire, ruthlessly stomping on Lin Tian a few more times. 
As if treating him like an object. 
They were going to roast him alive! 
This was the harsh reality: death was always imminent. Who would still dream of transmigrating? Better to wash up and go to sleep. 
Of course, Lin Tian had expected this. After all, he had transmigrated into a goblin and had access to its memories. 
He quickly spoke, “I can make weapons! Please let me join you!” 
When speaking to these goblins, it was best to keep the language simple and stiff, otherwise, they wouldn’t understand. 
Hearing this, the Goblin Priest halted its steps. 
It walked back to Lin Tian in a very bizarre manner, using its long, blackhead-covered nose to sniff him repeatedly. 
Then it said, “No scent of lies. Release him. What kind of weapons can you make?” 
The higher the rank of the goblin, the more intelligent it became, and its speech patterns were closer to humans. 
“Simple iron tools are no problem. That way, when we encounter monsters or humans, we can win.” 
Lin Tian stood up, his gaze resolute. 
He had casually watched a few episodes of “Alone in the Wild,” which included iron forging. He basically understood the process. 
Upon hearing this, the other goblins’ eyes sparkled with shock! 
Iron tools! 
Of course, they knew what those were—the tools humans used to slaughter them! 
When they encountered those, they would bleed, sometimes losing limbs. 
“Great! We can kill humans and never run out of meat!” 
“If we have ironware, can we attack the elf tribe to the north?” 
“I prefer elves over humans, kehehe!” 
The Goblin Priest was also astonished, letting out an evil, sharp laugh, “Kehehe! Then hurry and make them!” 
“I’m very tired. I’ll do it tomorrow.” 
Having run for half the night, Lin Tian was already exhausted, gasping for breath. Searching for iron ore and forging iron would be too much. 
Mainly, this body was too weak. 
Immediately, the goblins began to get displeased, becoming irritable, feeling deceived. 
The small leader even pressed a stone spear against Lin Tian’s stomach, ready to disembowel him with a bit more force. 
The Goblin Priest also looked slightly ferocious, “If you can’t make ironware, you won’t get any food!” 
With that, it returned to the shack. 
That old creature was extremely cautious, never participating in battles. In its youth, it only focused on breeding and wouldn’t come out unless necessary. 
Lin Tian had no right to make demands now. He could only find a haystack to rest, calm down, and think. 
To seek revenge, he couldn’t rely solely on his own strength. 
This goblin tribe could be useful. 
But he had to kill that small goblin leader who dared to step on his face first!! 
And from the conversation earlier, there was an elf tribe to the north. If he could mate with the elves, his power would greatly increase. 
Thinking about this, he gradually fell asleep. 
… 
“Wake up, wake up…” 
In the midst of his sleep, Lin Tian was awakened by a gentle voice. 
Opening his eyes, he saw a goblin wrapped in a tattered cloth robe sitting beside him, the hood almost covering its face. 
It was smaller than a regular goblin. 
Seeing Lin Tian awake, it tightened the robe, as if afraid of being seen. 
“Are you hungry? Here, take this.” 
The small goblin handed him a lump of something black and grimy, trembling slightly. 
It was clearly the skin of some creature, still with bloodstains on the fur. Disgusting to the extreme. 
A pile of dung would look more appealing. 
Seeing Lin Tian unmoved, the small goblin seemed disappointed. “This is all I got, but it’s delicious. Try it.” 
Hearing this, Lin Tian looked not far away and saw that the goblins had caught a wild boar and were sharing the meat. 
So, this piece of boar skin was all this small goblin had to eat today. 
It might not have eaten for several days. 
Lin Tian felt touched but suddenly grew cautious, “Wait, why are you giving this to me?” 
Under normal circumstances, such a low-level goblin would not help others when it couldn’t even feed itself. 
Too unusual! 
“I… I don’t know…” 
The small goblin seemed confused by the question, feeling as if it had made a mistake. 
Lin Tian didn’t think too much about it and checked its attribute panel. 
[Small Goblin: Lv3<br/>
Race: Goblin<br/>
Profession: God’s Messenger<br/>
Title: Female Goblin, Fallen God, Pure Soul, God’s Blessing<br/>
Health: 10<br/>
Strength: 2<br/>
Defense: 1<br/>
Skills: Gene Devour, Wild Growth<br/>
Equipment: None<br/>
Overall: 10] 
(Note: Not the heroine, just a convenient tool) 
“What!!” 
Seeing these titles, Lin Tian couldn’t help but exclaim in shock! 
What were these?! 
It was known that goblins didn’t have females! Yet a legendary female goblin had appeared! 
In human legends, a male goblin could become a Goblin God by mating with a female goblin! 
Of course, this was just a mockery since goblins would never give birth to females. 
To reproduce, they had to mate with other creatures. 
Hearing his shout, the goblins who were devouring raw meat and drinking blood only glanced at him and then looked away. 
They perfectly embodied the saying “minding one’s own business.” 
Lin Tian gradually recovered from his shock. No wonder this little guy was so intelligent. 
Seeing his reaction, the small goblin was frightened and sat on the ground, “I-I-I meant no harm, I just wanted to give you some food, sob sob…” 
“Cough cough, sorry for scaring you. Thank you for the food. Let’s eat together.” 
Lin Tian quickly apologized, realizing he didn’t need to speak so simplistically with her. 
He then tore the boar skin in half, stuffing one part into her mouth and swallowing the other himself. 
Though it tasted terrible, it undoubtedly helped restore his strength. 
The small goblin ate slowly, savoring it as if it were a gourmet meal. 
Lin Tian wiped his mouth and extended his hand, “From now on, I’ll be your boss, and I’ll look after you.” 
“Boss?” 
The small goblin was stunned. In this tribe, she was ostracized not just because of her weakness but also because she couldn’t communicate with other goblins. 
Like a normal person trying to fit in with a group of idiots. 
So the newly arrived Lin Tian piqued her curiosity, prompting her to try and communicate. 
“Okay, boss! I love watching the moon, so call me Gobu Yue. What’s your name?” 
The small goblin said excitedly. 
She even gave herself a name? 
Goblins didn’t have names unless they were high-ranking. After thinking for a moment, Lin Tian said, “My name will be Goblin.” 
His surname was Lin, so he simply chose Goblin. 
Gobu Yue nodded vigorously. 
It was about time Lin Tian got down to business. He and Gobu Yue climbed a large tree next to the tribe, surveying the surroundings. 
The area was dense with forests, a few kilometers from the valley. 
Lin Tian couldn’t help but ask, “Gobu Yue, have you seen any black and yellow stones covered in dust and very hard?” 
“Um, sorry boss, I haven’t seen any.” 
Gobu Yue thought for a while and replied, looking somewhat disappointed. 
Lin Tian could only nod. This weak goblin had probably never left the tribe and wouldn’t know about iron ore. 
The valley likely had some, but crossing the magic-infested forest was too dangerous. 
He could only use the Life Simulation System. 
“System, start Life Simulation.” 
[Life Simulation System is starting. Current scenario: Integrating into a new tribe. 
You shamelessly took on a small goblin follower, forming a close bond and finally feeling a bit of warmth. 
But due to the pressure from the Goblin Priest, you had to risk searching for iron ore in the valley. 
On the way, you encountered a fleeing herd of deer. It turned out to be a pack of Tier 2 Shadow Wolves. Gobu Yue died protecting you from the wolves. 
After much hardship, you finally reached the valley. There was indeed iron ore, but it was occupied by elves. 
(Option 1: Leave to be safe, return in disgrace, score -5 points) 
(Option 2: Take a chance and try to secretly mine some iron ore, otherwise, you won’t be able to explain to the Goblin Priest, score 15) 
(Option 3: Search another place, score unchanged)] 
Since it was a life simulation, dying wouldn’t matter. Lin Tian chose the second option, especially since Gobu Yue had died. Such a valuable goblin shouldn’t be wasted. 
So he would try any risky option. 
[The sharp-eyed elves discovered you. You were shot in the shoulder by an arrow and died from infection a few days after returning. 
The other goblins feasted on your corpse. 
Summary: Your weakness led to this outcome, causing the death of your follower and yourself. 
Score: 15 points (out of 100) 
Reward: 15 Life Points 
Life Simulation complete. Time elapsed: 7 days.] 
“Boss? Why are you not talking?” 
Gobu Yue’s curious voice pulled Lin Tian back from the system. 
He replied, “Just lost in thought. Let’s go back.” 
Since iron ore was found in the valley, he could only rely on the system for now. 
Lin Tian checked the function of Life Points. 
As expected, transmigrator systems were quite similar. Life Points could be exchanged for various items. 
The lowest level included ironware. One Life Point could be exchanged for an iron sword, iron armor, or a potion. 
With 15 Life Points, he could get several iron tools. 
That was the plan. 
First, he would appease the Goblin Priest, then suggest sending other goblins to search for iron ore. 
Gradually establishing his authority, he would take over the tribe. 
This was the first step towards avenging himself on humans, the bearded man, and the nun in white robes! 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 4: Establishing Authority 
TL: Sungmin 
“Hey, you, where’s the ironware? If there’s no ironware, we’ll eat you!” 
At this moment, the goblin with the stone spear, a minor leader, walked over and urged him. 
They hadn’t had enough to eat from the wild boar just now. 
He wanted to eat Lin Tian right now. 
His eyes were full of killing intent, and saliva dripped from his mouth. 
Gobu Yue quickly explained, “Wait a bit longer. Ironware isn’t that easy to make, but we’ll do our best.” 
“Hurry up, hurry up!” 
The stone spear goblin didn’t listen to him and pushed Gobu Yue to the ground, waving his stone spear and shouting. 
Lin Tian’s expression was cold as he sneered, “Here it is, the ironware is ready. Look at this.” 
Suddenly, a cold light flashed! 
He took out a short sword. 
Even though it was a short sword, it was about a meter long, very cumbersome to hold, and had to be dragged on the ground. 
“Hmm?” 
Hearing this, the surrounding goblins rushed over excitedly. 
Having a sword meant they could eat meat and capture higher-level creatures for mating! 
Especially the elves in the north; every day these goblins would sneak a peek at them. Just looking was enough, then… you know. 
The stone spear goblin was stunned for a moment, then became extremely excited! 
He quickly turned and shouted toward the gray-black shack, “Boss! Ironware! It’s ironware!” 
“Swish!” 
Suddenly! 
A cold light flashed, and the stone spear goblin’s voice abruptly stopped. 
His stone spear and body were neatly cut in half. 
Blood and organs spilled all over the ground! 
It was Lin Tian who had swung the iron sword with force, slicing him in two! He had long been annoyed with this guy. 
He was like his former boss at work, always making things difficult and rushing him for trivial matters. 
Looking at the corpse on the ground, he felt immensely satisfied! 
“He killed a goblin!” 
In an instant, the whole tribe was in an uproar! 
The goblins who had gathered picked up their weapons and were ready to resist, their expressions fierce, baring their teeth. 
If they all pounced on Lin Tian, not even a hair would be left of him. 
Gobu Yue was trembling with fear, “What should we do, Boss? I’m scared.” 
“Don’t worry, that old cunning creature won’t let anything happen to us.” 
Lin Tian stood confidently in place. 
Sure enough, the sound of a staff striking the ground came from behind. 
The goblin priest slowly walked out and used the ‘Call’ skill, making all the goblins quiet down. 
Then he said, “Kekeke, it really is ironware. Very good, I want more, and I want iron armor too.” 
“Okay, but I need people to help.” 
Lin Tian replied, the iron ore had to be found by others; he would stay in the tribe to be safe. 
The goblin priest pondered for a moment, then used the call skill again, making Lin Tian a minor leader. 
He could now manage thirty goblins. 
Though it was a small number, Lin Tian had to accept it; otherwise, that old cunning creature would definitely become suspicious. 
“Thank you, Boss.” 
Lin Tian deliberately flattered him, making the old creature think he was submitting to him. 
Then, the priest goblin returned to his shack, a place where no one was allowed to enter. Those who had entered before had all become natural fertilizer. 
“Boss, Boss, wait, it hurts so much…” 
On the ground, that minor leader was dragging his half body, struggling to crawl, hoping the goblin priest would save him. 
After all, being called a cockroach, his life force was indeed strong. 
Suddenly, he felt a strong force on his head, as Lin Tian stomped his head into the dirt. 
The other goblins were stunned, developing a sense of fear toward this newcomer. 
These low-level creatures respected power, and Lin Tian’s display of dominance made them fearful! 
But it wasn’t enough! 
Lin Tian coldly glanced at the goblin under his foot and tore off one of his arms to start chewing! 
The goblin, in fear and pain, gradually lost his breath. 
Faced with such a Lin Tian, the other goblins couldn’t hold it in any longer. They put away all their discontent and cowered, not daring to look directly at him. 
Even goblins wouldn’t eat their kind alive! 
Lin Tian let Gobu Yue eat his fill first, then kicked the rest away, “You can eat now.” 
Instantly, those goblins swarmed over and devoured everything clean! 
Usually, they were starving because they couldn’t catch any prey, always eyeing each other like pieces of fat meat. 
Finally getting something to eat, no one held back. 
“Boss, you’re amazing! You were so scary just now, my legs went weak.” 
Gobu Yue said admiringly beside him. 
Lin Tian smiled calmly, “Don’t worry, this is just the first day, and there will be plenty for you.” 
“‘Number Two, what should we do now?” 
At this moment, the other goblins asked, all looking blank, not knowing what to do. 
Upon hearing this, Lin Tian nearly fainted. “Just call me Brother Lin, don’t call me ‘Number Two.'” 
As he spoke, he punched the first goblin who called him ‘Number Two,’ to make an impression, like training a dog—you had to hit them. 
After a moment of contemplation, he knew goblins were nocturnal creatures, but they could also act during the day without any problem. 
He said, “Do you want ironware?” 
“Yes, Brother Lin!” 
Hearing the word ‘ironware,’ the goblins’ eyes lit up. 
“Do you want to mate with humans?!” 
“Yes! Yes! Yes!” 
“Do you want to eat meat until you’re full?” 
“Yes!” 
“Do you want to mate with elves?” 
“Definitely! Ah, elves!!!” 
With just a few words, the goblins were extremely excited. They would probably be willing to die for the ironware. 
They all raised their arms and shouted, “Long live Brother Lin.” 
At this moment, no one noticed the goblin priest in the shack staring at Lin Tian through the darkness, his expression complex. 
Seeing the mood was right, Lin Tian gave his orders, “All of you, go out and find all kinds of stones for me, as many as possible!” 
“Brother Lin, why do we need to find stones?” 
A goblin scratched his big head in confusion. 
One of the more noticeable ones jumped out, “It must be because Brother Lin likes eating walnuts and needs stones to crack them!” 
“Your head looks like a walnut. This is an important step in smelting iron, now hurry up and find them.” 
Lin Tian said impatiently. 
Explaining what kind of ore was iron ore would be too difficult for them to understand. 
He would have to wait until someone found a piece, then let them see it with their own eyes to tell the difference. 
After all, he didn’t have to look for it himself, so he could order them around as he pleased. 
What goblins lacked in everything, they made up for in numbers. 
But he hadn’t expected it to take a full two days before a goblin finally found a piece of iron ore. 
In the following days, all the goblins went out looking for ore, but even after searching the entire area, they didn’t find much. 
As expected, iron ore was a rare resource coveted by high-intelligence species. 
It seemed they would have to seize the elf tribe’s iron mine in the future. 
“Nearly ten days and we’ve only gathered this little, barely enough to make ten short swords.” 
Lin Tian said bitterly, looking at the seven or eight lumps of ore in front of him. 
But then he had a flash of inspiration. Since they couldn’t make many short swords, they could make spears! They could make at least fifty spearheads! 
The spear shafts could be replaced with sturdy wood. 
With fifty spears, they could easily capture the elf tribe’s iron mine and fully arm themselves. In a ten-kilometer radius, no creature would dare provoke this tribe! 
They spent another day building a clay furnace to facilitate iron smelting. 
Other goblins were tasked with breaking the ore into small pieces. 
“You lot, come over here and keep the fire burning well. If the fire dies down, I’ll throw you in!” 
Lin Tian ordered. The melting point of iron was over 1,500 degrees, so the fire had to be big and intense. 
The whole tribe was illuminated by the firelight all night long! 
While the iron was being smelted, Lin Tian trained two goblins in blacksmithing and making molds, as he couldn’t do it all by himself. 
Lin Tian asked Gobu Yue, “What kind of weapon do you like?” 
She was the first female goblin ever, and he needed to make not only a weapon for her but also a set of simple armor. 
Gobu Yue was at a loss, “I… I don’t know.” 
“You said you like the moon, so I’ll make a crescent moon blade for you.” 
Finally, everything was ready, and the life simulation’s cooldown had refreshed. 
Now was the time. 
Sitting there, Lin Tian’s gaze involuntarily turned to the central shack. 
That old creature would probably try to kill him once he finished forging these weapons. 
So, he had to be fully prepared. 
“System, start the life simulation.” 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 5: Kill the Goblin Priest! 
TL: Sungmin 
[Life Simulation System is starting. Current scenario: Ironmaking 
Over ten days, you gathered some iron ore and crafted fifty iron spears. Your prestige in the entire tribe far surpassed that of the Goblin Priest. 
The goblins even started calling you “Boss.” 
The powerful Goblin Priest couldn’t accept such a situation and planned to kill you to reclaim his prestige. 
(Option 1: Design a plan to kill the Goblin Priest and take control of the tribe. Score: 20) 
(Option 2: Flee the tribe. Score remains unchanged.) 
(Option 3: Abandon your prestige, submit to the Goblin Priest, and bide your time, waiting for the best opportunity. Score: 10)] 
Escaping was impossible. Leaving now, after all you had done, would be a huge loss. 
Also, leaving would likely result in death in the enchanted forest. 
Submitting would delay your revenge. You couldn’t wait that long. 
So, you chose the first option. After all, the purpose of the Life Simulation System was to make mistakes and learn from them. 
If you failed, you could understand the situation better and prepare more effectively. 
[You wanted to rise to power in one move and poisoned the Goblin Priest’s food. 
However, the Goblin Priest turned the tables on you. He was cautious enough to feed the food to his pet mouse first. Your assassination attempt failed, and you escaped with severe injuries. 
You lingered in the enchanted forest for three months, surviving by madly mating with any suitable-sized creatures you caught. 
Half a year later, you finally evolved into a Big Goblin variant, the Goblin Warrior, and established a goblin tribe of over a hundred members. 
Each goblin was equipped with iron weapons and armor, making them extremely powerful. 
You led your army back to kill the Goblin Priest and took Gobu Yue with you. 
Through various channels, you learned that the stubbled man’s hero team was in the human territory of Bright Town, and you gathered all your forces to launch a surprise attack. 
Unfortunately, the Sword Saintess happened to be there to celebrate her disciple Loder’s birthday. You suffered heavy losses and barely escaped with Gobu Yue by using a magic array exchanged from the system. 
Another half year passed, and you established a medium-sized tribe of three hundred goblins and were on the verge of evolving into a hero variant, with three Big Goblin subordinates. 
Gobu Yue’s strength also improved significantly, and she grew into a beautiful goblin. 
… 
The current Life Simulation can last up to one year. Forced termination. 
Summary: You improved rapidly through hard work but suffered repeated setbacks due to bad luck. May the gods bless you~ 
Score: 50 out of 100 
Reward: 50 Life Points 
This Life Simulation is complete, with a time span of 365 days. 
Would you like to transmigrate to the final progress of the simulation? If you refuse, it cannot be changed later.] 
Lin Tian frowned slightly. Overall, evolving into a Big Goblin variant and nearly becoming a hero variant was quite good. 
The main issue was failing to kill the stubbled man. 
This significantly slowed down his growth. 
It seemed unnecessary. Since the grass had been stirred up, even if he transmigrated a year later to deal with the stubbled man, the latter would be prepared. 
It wouldn’t be easy to kill him. 
In general, the Life Simulation was a way to learn from mistakes and gain experience from failures. 
This time wasn’t perfect, but he could try again in ten days. 
Lin Tian returned to reality. He needed to deal with the old and cunning Goblin Priest. 
Poisoning didn’t work, so he had to rely on brute force. 
He decided to use all 50 Life Points to exchange for experience pills. 
Currently, his level cap was ten. He needed to continue devouring the flesh of powerful monsters or engage in mating. 
Humans? Capturing one would be too risky. 
Elves? Even more out of the question. 
Monsters were also difficult. The only female around was his little brother, Gobu Yue. 
After a brief hesitation, Lin Tian said, “Gobu Yue, I have something to discuss with you. Come with me to the forest.” 
“Okay, Boss!” 
Gobu Yue jumped up, waving her small hands and walking with large strides, looking very happy as she followed Lin Tian into the dark woods. 
The further they went, the quieter it became. The strange and unknown environment made Gobu Yue a bit scared. 
She kept looking around warily and said nervously, “Boss, how far are we going?” 
“Gobu Yue, what do you think of me?” 
They had reached a sufficient distance. Lin Tian finally stopped, turned around, and looked directly at Gobu Yue. 
Gobu Yue was a bit confused but answered seriously, “Although I haven’t known you for long, I think you are a very good goblin. There’s no better goblin in the world than you.” 
Upon hearing this, Lin Tian suddenly pushed Gobu Yue against a tree in a forceful “kabe-don.” 
He then tore off her robe. 
“Boss, no, what are you doing?” 
Gobu Yue panicked, struggling to grab her robe, but she was too weak compared to Lin Tian. 
In the dark, goblins had good vision without needing moonlight. 
He could clearly see Gobu Yue’s appearance. 
Unlike male goblins, she didn’t have an exaggeratedly large head or a particularly long nose. 
She only had sharp teeth and pointed ears, along with green skin. 
Her short pink hair, even shorter than shoulder-length, looked especially cute. 
Her eyes were actually golden, carrying a hint of shyness and panic. 
Her petite figure was like that of a toy doll. 
“Who knew goblins could look like this? Sorry, Gobu Yue! But we need to survive!” 
Lin Tian almost got lost in her appearance. 
Feeling embarrassed under his gaze, Gobu Yue shyly asked, “Boss, do I look strange?” 
Lin Tian’s eyes were dreamy as he stared deeply into her eyes, “No, you’re the most beautiful goblin girl I’ve ever seen. Your eyes have stars in them. Can you help me get stronger? I’ll leave a gift for you~” 
“Boss, what are you going to do? If there’s nothing important, I want to go to sleep.” 
Gobu Yue fidgeted, a blush appearing on her green cheeks. 
Lin Tian, ignoring any preliminaries, said, “Gobu Yue, it’s time for you, as my subordinate, to help your boss out. Are you ready?” 
“I… I might, maybe, probably not.” 
Gobu Yue stammered, her little heart starting to pound. 
Suddenly! 
Lin Tian pulled her into his embrace, feeling her warm breath. 
His eyes darted, looking very scared. 
She tried to speak but was silenced by Lin Tian’s kiss, unable to say a word, only able to weakly resist. 
When the power of the Goblin God’s Blessing activated, even a female goblin couldn’t resist. 
She was completely subdued. 
At dawn, Lin Tian carried the exhausted Gobu Yue back to the tribe. 
There were still important tasks to handle, like the iron ore in the furnace, which might burn out. 
Fortunately, the goblins he had taught weren’t entirely useless. They had already refined the iron ore multiple times, removing many impurities. 
It was nearly pure enough to make iron tools. 
He immediately began crafting an iron breastplate for Gobu Yue, to protect her chest and back. 
For a weapon, something smaller would suffice. 
The remaining iron spears were left for the other goblins to make. 
“Gobu Yue, still lying down? Come see if this fits.” 
After binding two iron plates with twine, Lin Tian took them to Gobu Yue. 
However, she was still lying in her grass nest, sleeping soundly but sweetly. 
Lin Tian shrugged helplessly. Since she was still asleep, he decided to check his own attributes. 
[Small Goblin: Lv7—(Max Lv14)<br/>
Race: Goblin<br/>
Profession: None<br/>
Title: Low-level Monster, Blasphemer, God’s Blessing, Potential God<br/>
Health: 40<br/>
Strength: 10<br/>
Defense: 9<br/>
Skill: Gene Devour<br/>
Equipment: None<br/>
Overall: 65] 
His attributes had significantly improved but were still far from enough. What did those titles mean? 
Unfortunately, he couldn’t view them through the system. 
Lin Tian frowned. Why had his level cap only increased by 7? 
It seemed mating with random wild boars, monkeys, or rabbits would have been better, as it could increase the cap by 10 levels. 
A female goblin, a legendary creature, should have offered more. It was baffling. 
“Seven levels, seven times, huh! I get it!” 
As he thought about it, a light bulb went off in Lin Tian’s head! 
He looked at the sleeping Gobu Yue with a wicked grin. 
“Boss, what are you doing again, wuuu…” 
Gobu Yue woke up groggily from her sleep. 
“As expected!” 
After finishing, Lin Tian’s eyes lit up. With a female goblin, each mating session increased his level cap by one, with no limit on the number of times! 
Other creatures had caps. 
For instance, with wild boars or monkeys, no matter how many times, the cap would only increase by 10 levels. 
With humans, such as human females or elves, the cap would increase by 20 levels, but their talent would greatly enhance his abilities. 
To further increase, he had to devour the flesh of powerful creatures. 
In simple terms, the females of each race were like level cap boosters for goblins, tools for getting stronger, while their flesh served as experience packs. 
Today. 
Lin Tian increased his level cap to twenty-five! 
Completely exhausted, he collapsed into a deep sleep. This wasn’t his limit, but the limit of his goblin body. 
When he woke up, he found himself being lifted high by a crowd of goblins. 
“Brother Lin! Brother Lin!” 
All around were cheers and celebrations. 
Lin Tian quickly realized that all the iron spears had been completed. 
“Brother Lin, we finished making the iron weapons. Can we attack the elves now?” 
One goblin asked excitedly. 
Lin Tian shook his head, “We need to cut down some long, slender logs. The more, the better. Everyone, move out!” 
The spearheads were ready, but they still needed spear shafts. 
The key was to get all the goblins out. 
Once the goblins left for the forest, Lin Tian turned his gaze to the gray-black hut. 
If the goblins were around, it would be impossible to attack the Goblin Priest. 
Because he possessed the Summon skill, which could control these goblins. 
“With 50 Life Points, I can exchange for 50 experience pills. But I wonder if that will be enough to max out my level.” 
Lin Tian exchanged all the points in one go. 
He immediately maxed out his level and still had twenty experience pills left. He then realized that fewer points were needed for lower levels and more for higher levels. 
He checked his attribute panel. 
Now, his health had reached 120, strength 20, defense 11, and overall 150. 
It was far inferior to humans or magical beasts. 
In total, he was still weaker than the Goblin Priest, who had already evolved into a Big Goblin variant. 
“Damn, goblins are so weak. I’ll have to rely on equipment.” 
Lin Tian donned the makeshift plate armor and the crescent moon blade he had crafted. 
His strength instantly increased to fifty, and his defense reached an impressive 30. His overall strength slightly surpassed the 200 of the Goblin Priest. 
Killing him was now entirely possible. 
At that moment, unexpectedly, the Goblin Priest himself came out, coldly asking, “Where did the other goblins go?” 
“Boss, I sent them to gather materials for making iron tools.” 
Lin Tian replied with a flattering look. 
The Goblin Priest narrowed his eyes slightly and just gave a hum before preparing to return. 
Lin Tian then called out, “Boss, I just made this iron tool. Take a look.” 
“Oh? Bring it here.” 
The Goblin Priest showed interest and stopped. 
Lin Tian was planning to play the role of Jing Ke trying to assassinate the Qin Emperor! 
As long as he could catch the old guy by surprise, his chances of success were a hundred percent. 
The priest was old and frail, with very low health. Two or three strikes could actually kill him. 
He slowly approached with the crescent moon blade. 
The Goblin Priest’s eyes were fixed on the scythe. Just as Lin Tian was a step away, the priest suddenly spoke. 
“Put the scythe on the ground. I’ll take it myself.” 
Lin Tian’s heart skipped a beat! 
This old guy was wary to such an extent? He must have suspected Lin Tian’s intelligence was too high, hence his caution. 
Other goblins wouldn’t even be believed capable of plotting such treachery. 
The situation became more severe. To avoid suspicion, Lin Tian reluctantly placed the crescent moon blade on the ground. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 6: Hunting Elves! 
TL: Sungmin 
The Goblin Priest walked slowly, bent down, and picked up the weapon. 
He had a face full of a sinister smile, “Heh heh heh! It’s really iron!” 
Suddenly, his expression changed, and he glared coldly at Lin Tian, “You can die now!” 
The next second, he charged at Lin Tian with the knife in hand! 
His speed was incredibly fast! 
“What? This old thing is so insidious!” 
Lin Tian had thought he definitely wanted to kill him, but he hadn’t expected him to be so straightforward! He even knew to strike first and use diversionary tactics! 
“Clang!” 
The sound of iron colliding rang out, sparks flying everywhere! 
The Goblin Priest, thinking he had succeeded, laughed sinisterly again, “Heh heh heh, here, goblins like you are not allowed to exist!” 
But turning his head, he saw Lin Tian still standing there unscathed. 
Because Lin Tian was wearing plate armor, he had withstood the blow. 
The Goblin Priest’s eyes widened instantly in anger, wanting to roar, but felt a sharp pain in his chest. 
Looking down, he saw a sharp spearhead had somehow pierced into him. 
“You! Ahhhhh! I’ll kill you!” 
The Goblin Priest couldn’t care about anything else and continued to resist. 
Lin Tian wasn’t foolish; he had long left a backup plan, hiding several spearheads on his body. 
When the priest charged, he threw them directly! 
“Swish swish swish!” 
In an instant, he took the priest down. 
His head, chest, arms, and face were all pierced with sharp spearheads. 
“Weaker than I imagined, it seems I overestimated the defensive power of goblins.” 
Lin Tian hadn’t expected to win so easily and remarked with a sigh. 
By killing him, he could take over this group of goblins, then rapidly grow them to seek revenge on the stubbled man and the white-robed nun! 
The Goblin Priest, lying on the ground, wailed like a slaughtered pig, “Don’t kill me, please, I took you in, you can’t kill me.” 
He made a pitiful crying face, but it was extremely creepy. 
Lin Tian’s expression changed slightly, surprised by this moral coercion. But he quickly recovered; this guy knowing these tactics wasn’t too much. 
He said, “Did you forget that I am a goblin?” 
Lin Tian’s expression was very cold, his eyes filled with evil killing intent. 
He was a goblin now; how could he be morally coerced? 
If he wanted to kill, he would kill. 
At this moment, the goblins who had gone out to find wooden sticks came back one after another. 
Seeing this scene, they all became enraged and ferocious, extremely excited, but didn’t know what to do. 
The Goblin Priest, as if grabbing a lifeline, hurriedly activated the summon skill, “Kill him! Kill him!” 
This voice shattered the forest’s tranquility, piercingly loud. 
However, the goblins remained unmoved, only slightly hesitant. 
The Goblin Priest, already in such a miserable state, had lost all authority, and his Call skill was ineffective. 
Lin Tian picked up the crescent moon blade on the ground, walked up to him, “From now on, I am your new boss! I will lead you to attack the elves! Attack humans! Ferociously mate! And have endless meat to eat!” 
In a moment, cheers erupted, “New boss! New boss!” 
“Slash!” 
Lin Tian cut off one of the Goblin Priest’s arms and threw it to the goblin crowd. 
“Boss! Boss!” 
The goblins swarmed like bees, beginning to fight over the food. 
Lin Tian then stepped aside, allowing the goblin crowd to completely devour the priest, eating him clean! 
Now, he was the boss of this group of goblins! 
And he had gained the ‘Call’ skill. 
“Boss, what’s going on?!” 
Gobu Yue was awakened by the noise, supported herself with a wooden stick, and came out to check the situation. 
Lin Tian explained it to her, almost scaring her silly, “You killed the priest? Oh my god! His attributes were so high!” 
“Thanks to your help, you go back to rest, I’ll handle things here.” 
Then Lin Tian calmed the emotions of the many goblins. 
He completed equipping all the iron spears, a total of fifty, which multiplied the combat power of this small tribe several times! 
He continued his victory speech, telling them to keep looking for iron ore, the more the better. 
Not only should every goblin have a weapon, but they also needed armor. 
This way, they could defeat the elves, capture more breeding tools, and expand the tribe’s population. 
The goblin infants born from elves could naturally grow into big goblins! 
Their strength far surpassed those born from animals. 
Five days passed. 
This time, they finally collected enough ore. 
They began large-scale iron smelting. 
Until everyone was equipped with armor and weapons, looking at this goblin tribe from afar was terrifying. 
It was comparable to an army. 
The pity was their low intelligence and lack of tactics. 
In battles, they basically relied on instinct. 
“Today, we will go to the enchanted forest to kill monsters. You must follow my orders, or you will die!” 
Lin Tian stood on a rock and shouted to all the goblins in the tribe. 
He planned to train them so that attacking the elves would be easier when the time came. 
Immediately, the goblin army set off in grand fashion! 
Their formation was orderly, and their momentum was extremely strong! 
Birds flew away in fright, and animals fled. 
Soon, in the distance, they saw a Tier 3 enchanted creature, a black-brown giant bear, devouring a large-horned deer! 
Its body was as large as an elephant! 
The surrounding fallen towering trees were enough to prove how ferocious this monster was! 
Killing it would be too difficult, far beyond what this group of goblins could manage. 
At most, they could look for some Tier 2 enchanted creatures. 
Finally, they encountered a pack of Tier 2 enchanted wolves. 
There were seven or eight of them, each as large as a donkey. 
These were creatures even the elves didn’t dare provoke, among the fiercest and most powerful of Tier 2. 
They were fast, strong, and even capable of climbing trees. 
The key was that the head wolf could command tactics. 
They roamed the enchanted forest without fear. 
Hearing the low growls of the evil wolves, some goblins were trembling in fear, “Boss, are we hunting the enchanted wolves?” 
Lin Tian thought for a moment and finally decided, “Yes, if we kill the enchanted wolves, our strength will increase significantly.” 
Checking through the system, he found that the enchanted wolves had a powerful skill. 
‘Iron-Blooded Wolf Nature’. 
Once blood was seen, their wolf nature would be triggered, gaining a 20% boost to all attributes and not feeling pain. 
“You go left, you go right, surround the wolf pack!” 
Under Lin Tian’s authoritative command, all the goblins suppressed their fear and obediently surrounded the pack of evil wolves. 
“Apply pressure!” 
Immediately, at Lin Tian’s order, all the goblins began to close in, pointing their iron spears at the wolves, forcing them closer together. 
The enchanted wolves started to grow agitated, growling and randomly charging at the iron spears. 
They wanted to break out. 
But after a few attempts, they were all cut and bleeding! 
Lin Tian commanded from the side, “Hold steady! Don’t panic! Press them tighter!” 
Now, they just needed to let the enchanted wolves doom themselves. 
Sure enough, the wolf pack began to panic, no longer listening to the head wolf’s commands, and they started to charge wildly. 
Each wolf was covered in wounds from the spears. 
Soon, they lost too much blood and began to collapse one by one. 
The goblin formation only got slightly disordered; after all, the enchanted wolves were still very strong. 
“Heh heh heh! Great! We killed them!” 
“We can even eat enchanted wolves!” 
“Long live the boss! Long live!” 
All the goblins raised their hands and cheered. 
They immediately started to divide and consume the enchanted wolves. 
“Gained ability: Iron Blood (Passive Skill: In combat, seeing blood grants a 20% boost to all attributes and negates pain for 3 minutes).” 
After eating, the system prompt sounded in Lin Tian’s mind. 
This was the goblins’ exclusive skill, Gene Devour, growing stronger by devouring powerful creatures. 
Although they were initially the weakest monsters, they had the potential to become the strongest. 
No wonder they were monsters blessed by the gods. 
Glancing around, he saw that most goblins had reached level ten, with the highest at level thirteen. 
Their attributes had also doubled. 
But it was still far from enough. 
Next, they needed to continue hunting monsters, ultimately aiming to hunt the black-brown giant bear! 
If they devoured its ‘Giant Mountain’ skill, these goblins’ health, strength, and defense would all multiply! 
It was unimaginable how strong they could become. 
Three days passed. 
This mighty goblin army had killed three Tier 2 monsters: the enchanted wolves, giant-toothed boars, and earth stone monsters. 
Four Tier 1 monsters: tailless cats, ghost-faced monkeys, double-headed snakes, and wandering spirits. 
Besides ‘Iron-Blooded Wolf Nature,’ they also gained the ‘Giant Tooth’ skill, allowing their teeth to grow larger and stronger, increasing attack power as they grew. 
Then there was ‘Stone Skin,’ which added 15 points to their basic defense, equivalent to wearing plate armor. 
The most important abilities came from the Tier 1 monsters ghost-faced monkeys and tailless cats. 
‘Climbing’ and ‘Silent Steps’. 
These would be crucial when attacking the elf tribe. 
The remaining abilities weren’t very useful. The double-headed snake could secrete venom, and the wandering spirit could turn into a ghost for a while after death. 
But for now, it was enough. 
At this moment, they heard the ground begin to vibrate rhythmically; some enormous monster was approaching! 
Lin Tian instantly became alert, “It’s here at the right time, the black-brown giant bear! Everyone, climb the trees!” 
“Caw caw caw!” 
A group of goblins shrieked, climbing the straight trees like monkeys, hiding in the darkness. 
Sure enough, the elephant-sized black-brown giant bear appeared, its crimson eyes like two bulbs! 
They shone brightly in the dark. 
“Whoosh, whoosh!” 
Its heavy breathing was particularly eerie! 
Its sheer size constantly reminded everyone that it was a giant beast. 
Estimated to weigh 20 tons! Although it was similar to an elephant, its bone density, muscle content, and steel-like fur added even more weight. 
In this enchanted forest, it truly ruled unchallenged! 
Every creature avoided it, even the enchanted wolf packs. 
The black-brown giant bear sniffed the air, discovered the mushrooms Lin Tian had thrown, and hurriedly started eating. 
Only then did everyone see its terrifying size, incredibly robust! It radiated an invisible pressure! 
It made people unconsciously slow their breathing. 
[Black-Brown Giant Bear: Lv33<br/>
Race: Tier 3 Monster<br/>
Title: Fierce and Brutal, Keep Your Distance, Immovable as a Mountain<br/>
Health: 1022<br/>
Strength: 219<br/>
Defense: 300<br/>
Skills: Savage Tear, Rampage, Giant Mountain<br/>
Overall: 410] 
The black-brown giant bear devoured the mushrooms in huge mouthfuls, consuming over a hundred pounds in the blink of an eye. 
It was about to leave. 
Having finally reached the perfect attack position, how could Lin Tian let it go? He gave the order, “Shoot it!” 
“Ahhh!” 
From the treetops, the goblins all let out roars! 
They swung their iron spears and thrust them down! 
One spear after another! 
But they soon regretted it. Iron spears couldn’t even pierce the black-brown giant bear’s skin! 
A Tier 3 monster’s power far exceeded that of Tier 2. 
Being attacked, the black-brown giant bear went berserk instantly, crashing around wildly. 
Although it couldn’t climb trees, with a casual collision, trees dozens of meters high fell like matchsticks. 
The goblins were thrown into a frenzy, fleeing for their lives. 
Lin Tian’s expression was solemn but not panicked, “That can’t be right. The Deathcap mushrooms’ poison can kill even Tier 4 monsters. How is this one not dead after eating so many? Is it immune?” 
But he had checked earlier, the black-brown giant bear didn’t have a poison immunity skill. 
Among the mushrooms it had eaten, many were highly toxic, and the iron spears were coated with the double-headed snake’s paralyzing venom. 
It seemed this beast was just too large, and the poison was taking too long to act. 
“Ah!” 
One by one, goblins screamed as the black-brown giant bear devoured them! 
In no time, four or five goblins had been eaten. 
Suddenly, Lin Tian’s eyes lit up, “Heh, if you don’t die, who will?” 
These goblins all had the double-headed snake’s venom secretion ability. Once ingested, the poison would act faster. 
The black-brown giant bear’s movements began to wobble. 
It tried to knock down trees but couldn’t aim properly. 
“Boom!” 
With a loud crash, the black-brown giant bear fell! 
“Caw caw caw!” 
Seeing this scene, all the goblins cheered wildly! 
Lin Tian quickly ordered, “Eat it all, gain the skill, and then leave quickly!” 
Gene Devour didn’t guarantee an immediate skill acquisition, but there was a high probability. 
“Congratulations to the host for acquiring the ‘Giant Mountain’ ability, doubling health!” 
After eating, despite a lot of the black-brown giant bear’s flesh remaining, they had to abandon it. 
The earlier commotion would surely attract more monsters. 
Returning to the tribe, Lin Tian was pleased to see these goblins, all their strengths significantly increased! 
[Small Goblin: Lv18<br/>
Race: Goblin<br/>
Profession: None<br/>
Title: Low-level Monster, God’s Blessing, Beast Slayer<br/>
Health: 231<br/>
Strength: 29<br/>
Defense: 40<br/>
Skills: Gene Devour, Iron-Blooded Wolf Nature, Giant Tooth, Stone Skin, …<br/>
Equipment: Simple Iron Spear, Simple Plate Armor<br/>
Overall: 250] 
Now, even an ordinary goblin had a total strength over 200! 
Comparable to an average human adventurer. 
During this time, Lin Tian hadn’t neglected Gobu Yue either, whose level had risen to 30, with an overall strength of 400. 
Comparable to the stubbled man back then. 
“After going through so much, our strength has finally qualitatively improved.” 
Lin Tian felt deeply moved. In the tribe, the bonfire burned brightly, emitting the aroma of roasted meat. 
Compared to other transmigrators, his power increased too slowly, but it was the maximum extent possible. 
In this brutal world, where death lurked at every turn, survival was a huge challenge. 
“Boss, what are we going to do next?” 
Gobu Yue asked curiously. She had become like a little cat, always following Lin Tian around, very obedient. 
She had completely become his toy. 
But Lin Tian still treated her as a friend. He pondered, “It’s almost time to attack the elf tribe. That will greatly enhance our tribe’s strength.” 
Logically, their current power was enough to deal with the stubbled man. 
But that guy’s master was the Sword Saintess. If they were unlucky and ran into her, they would still face a crushing defeat. 
So, they needed to capture elves first, breed a new generation of goblins, and then have a perfect chance. 
Lin Tian didn’t want to go through such tormenting experiences again. 
This time, he was the hunter! 
But to be a hunter, he had to sharpen his blade first. 
… 
To the north, in the Myriad Forms Forest, lay the elf tribe. 
Many towering trees grew here, their trunks usually more than ten meters thick! The elves liked to carve out wooden houses high up in these trunks to live in. 
It was an excellent way to avoid enemies. 
Coupled with their proficiency in using bows and arrows, it made the place easy to defend and hard to attack. Many monsters, and even humans, came and could only leave in disgrace. 
As a result, the elves had occupied the forest for thousands of years. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 7: Capturing the Sentry! 
TL: Sungmin 
On a giant banyan tree, approximately 20 meters thick and 100 meters tall, with lush branches and leaves. 
The Elf Matriarch of this tribe, Lia, resided there. 
A slender elf, dressed in black stealth attire, leaped to the door and knocked, speaking urgently, “Mother, it’s me.” 
“Cassandra? Come in.” 
A woman’s voice answered from inside, very mature and gentle. 
Upon opening the door, Cassandra saw a mature woman meticulously breastfeeding a baby in her arms, a pristine and ample sight before her eyes. 
This mature woman had blonde hair, a long, fair face, golden pupils, and pointed ears. 
Her affectionate gaze exuded gentleness and charm. 
The scent of motherhood surrounded her. 
Her sensual figure epitomized maturity. 
The slender and youthful Cassandra could not compare to her at all. 
Seeing the visitor, the Elf Matriarch smiled gently, with great affection, “This little one is hungry again. No matter how many times a day I feed, it’s never enough.” 
The baby suckled greedily, milk even spilling from its small mouth. 
For others, feeding several times a day would certainly not suffice. 
But for the Elf Matriarch, her milk seemed inexhaustible. 
Cassandra, slightly shy, bowed her head and stammered, “Mother, I’m here to report a discovery.” 
“Go ahead, child.” 
Lia spoke calmly. 
“In the forest near the eastern edge, a dead black-brown giant bear was found, almost entirely devoured by monsters.” 
Cassandra reported. 
Such an occurrence warranted attention, as a single black-brown giant bear could devastate this Elven tribe. 
However, the black-brown giant bear had been killed, suggesting a terrifying presence. 
“Is that so? To my knowledge, only one creature in this enchanted forest is stronger than the black-brown giant bear, but it should live in the west. Any specific clues?” Lia asked seriously. 
Cassandra thought for a moment, “Based on the scene, a battle took place, but no trace of the victor was found. Besides many first and second-tier monsters scavenging, numerous goblin footprints were also discovered! Could it be them…?” 
“Goblins? Absolutely not. Those low-level monsters could never kill a black-brown giant bear, not even a hero variant goblin could do it. 
Moreover, the goblins in this enchanted forest are weak and negligible.” 
Hearing the word “goblin,” disdain and contempt filled Lia’s eyes. 
However, the lack of any trace of the victor was peculiar. 
Ultimately, Lia concluded, “It’s most likely humans. Only those cunning and evil beings could kill a black-brown giant bear without leaving any trace.” 
“Perhaps, Mother. I’ll take my leave then, and report back if anything else arises.” 
Cassandra flashed a sweet smile, cheerfully speaking. 
Lia gently patted her head, “Go on, thank you for your hard work, child.” 
… 
The next day. 
Cassandra hurried in again, “Mother, I’ve discovered a goblin!” 
Opening the door, she found not only Lia but also two male elves in the room. 
Startled, Cassandra screamed and retreated, her face instantly turning red! 
The two male elves quickly gathered their things and exited through the window. 
“Come, come in.” 
Lia’s somewhat hoarse voice sounded from inside. 
Cautiously peeking inside and finding only the matriarch, Cassandra finally entered. 
She noticed a deep blush still lingered on Lia’s mature, sensual face. 
The bed was very messy, with intimate garments strewn everywhere. 
Awkwardly, Cassandra greeted, “Mother, your bed…” 
“Cassandra, my dear child, never mind that. Tell me what you found.” 
Lia, also a bit embarrassed, quickly covered herself with clothing. 
Regaining her composure, Cassandra reported, “I found a goblin sneaking around the outskirts of the Myriad Forms Forest, acting very suspiciously.” 
“Daring to appear here? Did you not kill that disgusting creature?” 
Lia asked, slightly surprised. 
She knew goblins favored elves. At the ore outpost, goblins spying was a daily occurrence, not surprising. 
But no goblin had ever dared approach the Myriad Forms Forest. 
This was a first. 
Lia shook her head, feeling a bit frustrated, “I don’t know how I missed it, allowing that goblin to escape.” 
Elven archery was known for its precision, with misses being very rare. 
But not impossible. 
Lia embraced Cassandra like an infant, comforting her, “Child, it’s not your fault. It’s just a small goblin, it’s alright. Let it be.” 
“Alright, Mother.” 
Feeling much better, Cassandra prepared to leave. 
Lia called her back, her enchanting face showing a bit of shyness that made one want to cherish her dearly. “But child, next time you come in, please knock first.” 
“I, I understand, Mother!” 
Cassandra’s face turned red with embarrassment, and she hurried away. 
… 
Goblin Tribe. 
“Boss, there are about thirty elven treehouses in the Myriad Forms Forest, all very tall!” 
A goblin was explaining to Lin Tian, even borrowing the fingers of other goblins to count accurately. 
Lin Tian nodded, “Well done. I’ll reward you with two elves later.” 
“Two elves? Hahaha! Thank you, Boss! Long live the Boss!” 
The goblin sent out to gather intelligence shouted excitedly, his face contorting with joy! 
He was the goblin Cassandra had discovered. 
It wasn’t that the arrow had missed; it had hit the plate armor he was wearing and did not penetrate. 
Lin Tian began to ponder. 
Thirty elven treehouses, averaging two elves per house, though some might live alone. 
This meant at least sixty elves, and including the ten or so at the ore outpost, there were at least seventy! 
Each elf had an overall combat strength of about two hundred, which Lin Tian had checked at the ore outpost area. 
This was lower than his goblin subordinates. 
But the elves’ dwelling places were easy to defend and hard to attack, and they moved quickly. Normally, it would be impossible to take them down. 
However, they had hunted many first-tier ghost-faced monkeys and all had learned the “Climb” skill. 
They could easily climb trees. 
A nighttime raid could capture them all! 
Gobu Yue spoke up, “Boss, are we going to attack the elven tribe?” 
“That’s right, tonight, we’ll attack the elves! Produce more strong goblins then!” 
Lin Tian shouted, boosting everyone’s morale. 
Upon hearing this, instantly! 
The whole tribe responded with intense shouts! 
They all began sharpening their knives and preparing their armor for the night raid. 
Meanwhile, Lin Tian planned to use the Life Simulation System again to see if any unexpected events might occur that night. 
“System, start Life Simulation.” 
[The Life Simulation System is starting. Current scenario: The Night Before the Raid 
You killed the Goblin Priest and took control of this small tribe, greatly enhancing the strength of all goblins. 
The time is ripe, and you eagerly want to attack the elven tribe to build a stronger tribe and seek revenge against the Bearded Man and his group. 
In the dead of night, you silently lead your army to the Myriad Forms Forest. To avoid detection, you even replace everyone’s iron spears with daggers. 
You are confident, as your overall attributes surpass the elves, and it’s a surprise attack. 
Upon reaching the Myriad Forms Forest, the goblins climbed the treehouses, opened the doors, but found no elves! 
Looking back, the elves had hidden in the treetops beforehand and with their bows, overwhelmed the goblins, killing them all! 
You were not spared and were captured by the Elf Matriarch, who hanged you in the Myriad Forms Forest as a warning to the goblins. 
Summary: What seemed flawless was actually under someone else’s control. 
Score: 0 out of 100 
Reward: None 
This Life Simulation is complete, time progression: 0 days.] 
“What?!” 
Lin Tian snapped back, shocked at the complete failure and annihilation! 
What had gone wrong? 
What seemed flawless was actually under someone else’s control? 
Immediately, Lin Tian thought of a possibility—he was being watched! 
His cold eyes began to carefully scan the surroundings of the tribe. 
Finally, he spotted a figure dressed in black stealth attire hidden in the treetops, undoubtedly an elven sentry. 
He had been outmaneuvered! 
“I must capture her quickly, or it’ll be disastrous if she returns!” 
Lin Tian thought rapidly, determined not to let her escape and report back. 
But elves excelled at leaping between treetops, and goblins with their small bodies couldn’t catch her. 
He could only resort to shooting a hidden arrow. 
Elves had keen senses, so Lin Tian had the goblins start dancing around the bonfire to distract the elf. 
Lin Tian, holding a homemade bow and arrows coated with his own paralyzing venom, stealthily approached the elf from below. 
An open attack is easy to dodge, but a hidden arrow is hard to defend against! 
With all his strength, he shot an arrow at her! 
“Ah!” 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 8: Hell! The Disaster of the Elves 
TL: Sungmin 
Cassandra suddenly felt a sharp pain in her buttocks. Her small face turned bright red as she finally couldn’t hold back and screamed, “Pain, pain, pain, pain, pain!” 
She quickly pulled out the arrow and looked down. 
“So it’s you, you damn goblin! I must get rid of you!” 
Seeing this, Cassandra was filled with shame and anger. She drew her bow and aimed at Lin Tian. 
To everyone’s surprise, she not only didn’t plan to escape but also intended to deal with these goblins herself. 
Lin Tian immediately started to dodge everywhere, and she followed him closely. 
Relying on her agile movements, she was very confident on the treetops. 
She even chased him deep into the tribe, looking down from above. “A bunch of low-level monsters, you dare to attack our elf tribe? You must be out of your minds. No, you don’t even have brains!” 
“Whoosh, whoosh!” 
As she spoke, she began to shoot arrows. 
Her arrows never missed their target! 
However, the goblins she hit were not dead, just injured. 
Cassandra was somewhat surprised, “Why didn’t they die in one shot? In that case, I’ll just shoot two arrows!” 
“Enemy invasion! Up there!” 
A goblin shouted, and immediately, all the goblins began to scatter and hide. 
They had no way to attack the elf on the treetops and could only flee like rats. 
Seeing this, Cassandra was very pleased, “Hmph, do you see how powerful I am? Today, I’m going to kill you all, and Mother will definitely praise me!” 
In the mindset of the elves, goblins were the lowest creatures and extremely evil. 
Whenever they encountered one, they had to kill it. 
Just like humans would stomp on cockroaches when they see them. 
“I’ll shoot you to death, I’ll shoot you to death. Where’s that one who attacked my butt earlier? Today, I’m going to shoot you to death!” 
Cassandra said angrily. The bowstring hummed continuously, and arrows flew out rapidly! 
Many goblins were hit. 
Lin Tian estimated the time was about right and slowly walked out, standing still. 
Cassandra, furious, prepared to draw her bow again, aiming at Lin Tian’s head! 
She shot an arrow! 
The goblins watching were terrified, “Boss!” 
“Whoosh!” 
The arrow flew past, merely grazing Lin Tian’s head, but not hitting him. 
Cassandra’s expression changed slightly, “How is that possible? Ah, my hand, it feels weak. This is bad…” 
As she spoke, she clutched her head, feeling dizzy. She stumbled and fell from the tree. 
Although falling from a height of more than ten meters wouldn’t kill her, she was badly injured and looked extremely pathetic. 
Her stealth suit got caught on the treetops, revealing her entire appearance. 
She was about 1.6 meters tall, extremely slim, with skin as white as jade. Describing her as ethereal would not be an exaggeration. 
Her long legs seemed to be crafted by the gods. The silken clothes clung to her body, outlining the most beautiful curves in the world. 
Combined with Cassandra’s struggling expression, she looked like a fairy who had fallen to the mortal world. 
Seeing this, a group of goblins went crazy and rushed over, their eyes all emitting an excited red light! Ninety percent of them already had strong reactions! 
They had been drooling over elves for who knows how long! 
But with Lin Tian around, they all held back and didn’t pounce. 
Lin Tian slowly approached, his eyes also lighting up as he looked at her figure! 
He sneered, “Finally caught you. You were the one shooting arrows at me earlier?” 
“I… I… Damn goblin, what did you do to me?” 
Cassandra used all her strength but couldn’t move at all. Her whole body was paralyzed. 
Lin Tian didn’t explain. Instead, he said to himself, “Since you wanted to shoot me to death earlier, I’m sorry, but I believe in an eye for an eye!” 
He extended his claws and hooked them! 
“Rip!” 
The silken clothes she wore were torn open! 
Her skin was white as snow, as delicate as could be, and glistening with moisture. 
“Help! Mother, brother, father! How could this happen? It’s just a group of goblins, how could I…” 
Cassandra cried out in fear, but there was nothing she could do. 
In front of all the goblins, Lin Tian began to do to Cassandra what she had done earlier. 
“Ding! Congratulations on increasing your level cap by 30! Due to reaching the highest aptitude, it has been converted into 50 health points, 10 strength, and 10 defense.” 
Lin Tian was slightly stunned. Did this mean he unlocked the elf race and increased his level cap? 
But what was with the highest aptitude converting to attribute points? Normally, doing this kind of thing wouldn’t increase attributes. 
Without thinking much, his mind was elsewhere now. 
“Mother, what should Cassandra do? What is this?” 
Her cries for help mixed with the goblins’ sinister laughter, echoing endlessly! 
The once innocent elf girl, who would blush easily, was tortured beyond recognition after a few hours. 
Seeing that the time was almost up, Lin Tian locked her in a cage first, “We still need to attack the elf tribe. As for this elf, wait until tonight. Then you can all enjoy yourselves!” 
Although they were eager like wolves, remembering the attack on the elf tribe, they chose to hold back. 
Immediately, they readied the army and set out, leaving Gobu Yue to guard the camp. 
Cassandra lay weakly in the cage, crying alone. 
Gobu Yue felt a pang of compassion and brought her some water in a leaf. 
“Disgusting goblin! Get away! Don’t touch me, don’t touch me!” 
As soon as Gobu Yue approached, Cassandra went nearly insane, throwing the water away and curling up in the corner of the cage, trembling. 
Gobu Yue sighed, speaking gently, “Calm down, calm down. The boss is a good person; he’s different from other goblins. I’ll make sure he treats you well.” 
“I won’t believe a word from you goblins. Mother, brother, father, they will defeat all of you goblins and come to rescue me!” 
Cassandra said stubbornly, recalling her mother’s gentle smile in her mind. 
She felt so cold and just wanted to go home quickly. 
Seeing she couldn’t reason with her, Gobu Yue gave up and climbed up the tree to retrieve Cassandra’s stealth suit. “Put on your clothes first.” 
“You…” 
Cassandra was suddenly stunned, feeling that this goblin seemed somewhat different. 
But she said no more. 
She silently prayed. 
At this moment, the Myriad Forms Forest was silent, so oppressive it was almost suffocating. 
The sky was invisible due to the towering banyan trees blocking the view. 
Leading a large group of goblins, they silently infiltrated the forest. 
They carried daggers for easy stealth attacks. 
The mission had been clearly instructed: kill the male elves and paralyze the female elves with poison to bring them back. 
Looking at the treehouses, tens of meters high, Lin Tian couldn’t help but marvel at how well the elves lived. 
Without climbing skills, the chance of attacking successfully was zero! 
Moreover, the tree trunks had been coated with a special wax by the elves, making them extremely slippery, impossible to climb even for ghost-faced monkeys. 
With a hand signal, all the goblins began to climb. 
Using their skills and stabbing their daggers into the tree trunks for support, they easily and swiftly climbed up. 
Sneaking to the door of each wooden house, they waited for the right moment. 
Lin Tian climbed towards the highest wooden house, the residence of the Elf Matriarch. 
Using the “Silent Steps” skill of the tailless cat, even the sharpest elf ears couldn’t detect him. 
Through a crack in the door, he saw a voluptuous elf woman lying inside, fast asleep. 
Elf Matriarch: Lv30<br/>
Profession: Archer<br/>
Title: Mother of Elves, Endless Maternal Love<br/>
Health: 280<br/>
Strength: 43<br/>
Defense: 39<br/>
Skills: Keen Senses, Precise Eye, Archer’s Focus<br/>
Equipment: Short Sword<br/>
Overall: 370 
Her attributes were decent, but Lin Tian’s overall attributes had reached 400, so he wasn’t afraid. 
He quietly slipped in through the window, intending to pour some poison into her mouth, avoiding a fight. 
Unexpectedly, the Elf Matriarch was far more alert than he had imagined. 
“Who are you? Wait, a goblin? How did you get here?” 
She immediately drew her short sword and coldly questioned him. 
Seeing the situation exposed, Lin Tian shouted, “Attack!!!” 
“Ahhhh!” 
The goblins who had been lurking rushed into the wooden houses! 
They stabbed the male elves immediately upon sight! It was a chaotic frenzy with no chance to fight back! 
“Argh!” 
“What is this thing?” 
“No! Wife, run away!” 
Screams echoed throughout the Myriad Forms Forest, as chilling as the wails of ghosts in the dead of night! 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 9: Expanding the Tribe! 
TL: Sungmin 
The Elf Matriarch quickly flipped to the window to check the situation. She saw several goblins carrying the corpse of a male elf from a nearby wooden house and throwing it down. 
“Damn goblins!” 
Seeing this, the Elf Matriarch became extremely furious and raised her sword to stab at Lin Tian. 
However, he easily dodged due to his small stature and said, “Don’t resist. Your sentries have been captured by me and mated with. We are family now, keh keh.” 
“Sentries? Cassandra! What did you do to her!” 
Lia’s expression was uncontrollable as she frantically attacked Lin Tian. 
“Clang!” 
Blades clashed. Lin Tian began to counterattack with his dagger, easily overpowering Lia. “It seems you don’t know what’s good for you. Wouldn’t it be better to obediently become a breeding tool?” 
With a swift movement, his poison-coated dagger slashed Lia’s fair calf. 
“Impossible, how can a lowly goblin fight me?” 
Lia was shocked. She leaped lightly to retrieve the longbow from the wall but soon realized she couldn’t shoot in the confined space. 
She had to go outside. 
But when she looked outside, she was stunned! 
The wooden houses were engulfed in roaring flames! 
The scene looked like hell! 
The goblins were binding the female elves, transporting them below, and some had already started mating! 
The dead male elves lay nearby, their eyes staring in death! 
“Why! Why is this happening? How can mere goblins overpower us!” 
Lia continuously questioned, hearing other elves’ cries for help. 
“Wuuu Matriarch, I don’t want to be impregnated by goblins, save me!” 
“My husband was killed, someone please save us!” 
“Why are goblins here, why are these lowly goblins so powerful!” 
“My child was taken away, what are they going to do!” 
Lia was on the verge of losing consciousness, not from the poison, but from the shock of the situation! 
She immediately drew her bow, activated a skill, and aimed at a goblin assaulting an elf. 
One shot, one kill! 
The arrow pierced through even the plate armor! 
Seeing this, Lin Tian launched a surprise attack, slicing her bowstring with his dagger. “Matriarch, you should stop resisting. I will treat you well.” 
“Go to hell! Give me back Cassandra!” 
Lia counterattacked with a short sword but was swiftly disarmed by Lin Tian! 
The poison started to take effect, making her weak. 
Lin Tian laughed coldly, “Elves, just obediently become our playthings. I will cherish you!” 
With a hilt strike, he knocked Lia out. 
Using vines, he gently lowered her to the ground. 
The goblins worked in an orderly manner, with some receiving and some transporting. 
“Do not harm the children, bring them back!” 
Lin Tian ordered. 
It wasn’t out of kindness, but because these children could be raised. Once their reproductive systems matured, they could be used. 
That night, the Myriad Forest became a living hell! 
By the next morning, Lin Tian and his group finally brought back all 30 surviving elves to the tribe. 
“Matriarch! No! How can this be! How were they captured by goblins!” 
Cassandra, in a cage, clutched her head in madness, unable to believe the scene before her! 
But Lia’s voice made her acknowledge it, “Cassandra, my child, it’s the Matriarch’s fault, I’m sorry!” 
She had grossly underestimated these goblins’ strength, which was highly unusual. 
A single goblin’s strength exceeded that of a male elf. 
Even she couldn’t defeat them. 
“Wuuu, get off me, you disgusting goblins!” 
By then, the goblins couldn’t contain themselves any longer. Even after traveling all night, they were still full of energy! 
They immediately began expanding the tribe’s population. 
Lia couldn’t bear to watch and looked at Lin Tian, “Are you their leader? Release Cassandra and the children, and I will stay here forever, alright?” 
“You’re willing? Then show me your sincerity.” 
Lin Tian stood there with a wicked smile. 
The poison weakened, Lia used all her strength to get up and cautiously began to serve Lin Tian. 
Cassandra in the cage couldn’t bear to watch, “Matriarch! You damn goblin! Stop!” 
“Oh? Little girl, I didn’t do anything.” 
Lin Tian responded with a cold laugh. 
Lia cried heart-wrenchingly, her tears blurring her vision. 
“Wuuu, Cassandra doesn’t need saving, Matriarch don’t do this!” 
‘Ding, congratulations to the host for receiving a qualification upgrade, converted to 200 Health, 30 Strength, 30 Defense!’ 
Another conversion? 
Lin Tian was bewildered and suddenly thought of something. 
Could it be that mating with Gobu Yue would really allow him to evolve into a Goblin God? 
So, the qualifications that should have improved directly converted into attributes. 
In that case, if he sought out more powerful individuals to mate with, wouldn’t his strength increase crazily? 
Now, he could already crush that bearded man! 
A day and a night passed. 
The goblins were all exhausted and couldn’t move. Lin Tian locked Lia and Cassandra in a cage, keeping them exclusively for his use. 
The others were left for the other goblins to use freely. 
Lia held Cassandra, crying together. 
The only consolation was that they were alive and had fruit to eat every day. 
“You two should stop resisting and focus on producing offspring here. I will ensure you get three meals a day. If you have any bad ideas, I won’t hesitate to kill you. The key is…” 
Lin Tian said to Lia and Cassandra. 
As he spoke, his eyes turned to Gobu Yue, who was taking care of the dozen or so elf children they had captured. 
Lia didn’t respond to his words, but instead pleaded with Gobu Yue, “That child has been crying for a long time. Can I feed him?” 
“Boss, what do you think?” 
Gobu Yue ignored her and asked Lin Tian. 
Hearing this, Lin Tian thought for a moment, “Give her the child. From now on, she will feed these children.” 
These young elves would grow up to be indispensable breeding machines in the tribe. 
Then, he left the tribe with other goblins to find food for the elves. 
Mostly, they found vegetables and fruits in the enchanted forest, which were abundant and easy to find. 
“Matriarch, let’s find a way to escape. I don’t want to go through that again, and I don’t want to see you suffer…” 
Cassandra cried and pleaded. 
Lia, feeding a child, remained silent for a long time before saying, “Child, we can’t escape anymore. Soon, we will all give birth to goblin children. Are you going to abandon your child?” 
“I… I don’t want to give birth to a goblin child! I don’t want to give birth to a monster!” 
Cassandra’s face was filled with fear as she repeatedly hit her abdomen. 
Unfortunately, it was useless. 
Goblin children had incredibly strong life forces; hitting her stomach a few times wouldn’t help. 
Soon, more than half a month passed. 
Cassandra and Lia’s bellies swelled significantly, indicating they were about to give birth. 
Gradually, the elves accepted their fate. 
Lin Tian approached the cage with a smug smile, “How are you doing? Enjoying your time here?” 
“You!” 
Lia was still very angry when she saw him, but thinking of the child in her belly, she suppressed her anger. 
She said coldly, “Is this how you treat your wife? Keeping me in a cage?” 
“Don’t worry, once you behave, I will give you freedom. But now is not the time. Focus on giving birth!” 
Lin Tian replied coldly and then began inspecting the other imprisoned elves. 
It was like inspecting pets, as elves were a type of magical creature. 
Fortunately, it seemed they were all about to give birth, and they were in good condition. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 10: Journey to Human Territory! 
TL: Sungmin 
Time passed quickly, and the number of life simulations refreshed again. 
Lin Tian found a good place and started simulating. 
[Life Simulation System is starting, current scenario: Capturing Elves 
After considerable effort, you finally conquered the northern elf tribe and impregnated all the captured female elves. 
Seeing that the tribe members would soon expand, you planned to seek revenge on the stubbly man. 
The pregnant elves successfully gave birth to goblins, whose attributes were much stronger than ordinary goblins. 
Through manipulating Lia, she taught you the elves’ stealth techniques. 
So, while the small goblins grew up, you sneaked into a nearby human town, searching for the whereabouts of the Blades of Valor, and finally found them in Bright Town. 
Option 1: Take action yourself and try to kill Loder and others, rating 50! 
Option 2: Go back and lead the goblins to avenge, while also slaughtering Bright Town, rating 30. 
Option 3: Watch and wait, thinking it’s not the right time yet, observe for a while, rating 10.] 
Lin Tian’s expression tightened. He found those damned guys? 
Choosing the first option carried great risk. Although his overall attributes had already reached 600, he was still in human territory. If attacked by a group, he would definitely die. 
The second option was also good and had always been his plan. 
However, based on past experience, choosing this would definitely lead to death. 
This time, he chose option 3, to endure and observe. 
[You became cautious, which is a good habit, so you stayed in Bright Town, learning that a dragon often attacked the town, and Loder had even invited the Sword Saintess to slay the dragon. 
When you tried to leave, you were discovered by the Sword Saintess and died miserably under her powerful sword. 
Summary: Facing the powerful Sword Saintess, there was no chance to escape at all, be sure to be careful! 
Rating: 30 points (out of 100) 
Reward: Life Points x30 
This life simulation is over, time progressed 9 days.] 
“Swish!” 
Lin Tian snapped out of the system, his expression serious. 
Damn it, he died again. Was it that easy? 
Unexpectedly, it was the Sword Saintess again. 
He had to find a chance to deal with her! 
He wondered how much of an improvement she would bring him. 
Next, it was time for the elves to give birth. Lin Tian and Gobu Yue helped with the delivery, fearing anyone would have a difficult birth. 
These elves were extremely precious breeding machines; no one could die. 
“Wah! Wah!” 
As the cries of babies echoed, Lin Tian gradually relaxed. 
However, there were still voices of disgust from the elves, “No! Not this kind of child! So disgusting!” 
“Why did I give birth to such a horrible thing, sob sob sob!” 
“Oh my God, is this my child? Help!” 
Goblin babies were only the size of a fist, sticky all over, able to run around immediately after birth. 
They didn’t need milk, obtaining nutrition by eating flesh right after being born. 
This was why these creatures were hard to eradicate. 
Their vitality was too strong! 
The key was that one birth usually produced three or four. 
After all, female goblins highly cooperated during mating, usually producing multiple eggs. 
“Kashana, hang in there! Push!” 
At this time, the anxious voice of the Elf Matriarch Lia rang out. 
In the cage, the jade-like Kashana was sweating profusely, lying and sitting in pain, unable to give birth. 
Lin Tian frowned and quickly went to check. 
Seeing him, Kashana strongly resisted, “Get away! Don’t look at me, don’t look at me!” 
She was very angry, very ashamed, and with the pain below, she began crying loudly. 
Already lacking physical strength, crying exhausted her faster, risking death from weakness. 
Lia, also exhausted from just giving birth, couldn’t help at all. 
She pleaded, “Please save this child! She’s not going to make it!” 
“I know!” 
Lin Tian, having learned about this before, directly helped correct the position. 
In a short while, a goblin infant covered in mucus was born. 
Then another. 
Eventually, six in total were born! Sextuplets! 
This time, she gave birth to the most! 
Lin Tian was a bit surprised, no wonder she had a difficult birth. 
“You, you bastard…” 
Kashana weakly said, her voice small but her stubbornness strong. 
Lia couldn’t help but shed tears, glad that Kashana was safe. 
“Jie jie jie, we can use them again!” 
“Let me go first!” 
At this moment, a group of goblins, unable to bear the heat in their bodies, started crawling towards the exhausted elves. 
Despite the resistance and screams, they had no intention of stopping. 
Lin Tian’s eyes turned cold. He took out his short sword and walked over, “Swish!” 
Blood splattered, and he split the leading three goblins in half on the spot, feeding them to the newborn goblin infants. 
“I said they need to rest for three days before breeding. Have you all forgotten?” 
Facing the murderous Lin Tian, the goblins trembled in fear and backed away. 
Then Lin Tian said, “Go prepare the best fruits, each elf gets double the usual amount!” 
“Yes, boss.” 
A group of goblins ran off in terror, afraid of being slaughtered. 
“You, you really are different from ordinary goblins…” 
Seeing Lin Tian at this moment, Lia’s expression changed slightly, as did the expressions of the other elves who had just given birth. 
Lin Tian said calmly, “This is how it should be. As long as you behave, your treatment will be better.” 
Lia lowered her head and said nothing more. 
She looked at the small goblins she had given birth to, who were now lying beside her eating, and she didn’t know what to think. 
“Gobu Yue, I plan to visit the human territory in the next few days. The tribe will be under your management.” 
Lin Tian gazed into the distance as he spoke. 
A flash of murderous intent flickered in his eyes. 
He intended to find the whereabouts of Loder and the white-robed nun. 
Gobu Yue looked a bit worried but nodded anyway. 
At this moment, Lia’s voice rang out, “You’re going to human territory? Are you crazy? Goblins get killed just for approaching.” 
“What choice do I have? I can only take the risk.” 
Lin Tian shrugged. 
After a long pause, the hesitant Lia finally said, “Come over here, I’ll cast the stealth skill on you so you won’t be easily detected by humans.” 
This was exactly what Lin Tian had been waiting for. 
He teased, “I didn’t expect you to care about my safety. How rare.” 
“Not at all! I just… I just fear that if you die, the other goblins will be more brutal.” 
Lia blushed slightly and then helped Lin Tian complete the stealth buff. 
After a simple disguise, he covered his body with a stealth cloak that made him look like an ordinary passerby about one and a half meters tall. 
It looked quite strange, but with the stealth buff, most people wouldn’t notice him. 
Lin Tian felt assured with this outfit. 
He then set off, leaving the enchanted forest. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 11: Discovering Loder and His Companions! 
TL: Sungmin 
His equipment consisted of exquisite iron armor and a finely crafted short sword. 
Both his defense and power were significantly higher, even reaching the level of human blacksmithing. 
Dealing with ordinary monsters was a piece of cake. 
Before long, he left the enchanted forest and saw a small village in the distance with smoke curling from the chimneys. 
People were busy working in the surrounding fields. 
Knowing from the system that Loder and his companions were in Bright Town, Lin Tian walked towards a farmer, intending to ask for directions. 
As he approached, the farmer finally noticed Lin Tian. 
“Old man, don’t be afraid. I’m a human adventurer. Can you tell me where Bright Town is?” Lin Tian asked. 
“No, I don’t know. Get lost! Otherwise, don’t blame me for being rude!”  
The farmer was startled by his strange appearance, especially since he was coming from the direction of the enchanted forest. He was extremely wary. 
He raised his sickle, ready to attack. 
Killing intent began to spread in Lin Tian’s eyes, “I’m just asking for directions. Calm down…” 
The farmer still looked very frightened, “I said get lost!” 
“Swish!” 
In the next second, the sword pierced through the farmer’s mouth. 
Blood splattered! 
Lin Tian’s face looked very grim, “I was just asking for directions. Was it really necessary to make such a fuss? It seems you really deserve to die.” 
If this disturbed the village, and the people attacked him en masse, it would be troublesome. 
Unfortunately, it was too late. 
A few villagers who had just returned home saw this scene and shouted. 
Immediately, more than a dozen strong men with farm tools came, full of killing intent. 
These villagers lived around the enchanted forest and were no strangers to fighting. 
[Ekeler: Lv11<br/>
Race: Human<br/>
Profession: Farmer<br/>
Title: None<br/>
Health: 101<br/>
Strength: 23<br/>
Defense: 14<br/>
Skills: None<br/>
Equipment: Hoe<br/>
Overall: 100] 
It had to be said that humans were naturally much stronger than goblins. 
But compared to the current Lin Tian, the gap was too vast. 
He easily killed them all. 
He then slaughtered the entire village and forced them to reveal the location of Bright Town. 
If he had known, he would have just forced them directly. He had foolishly tried to greet them politely and ask. 
He almost had no feelings left for humans. Killing them was no different from killing monsters or beasts. 
After traveling for a day, he finally saw the bright lights under the night sky in the distance. 
Bright Town. 
It looked quite large, probably home to two or three hundred families, covering a vast area. 
It even had professional defensive walls. 
It was almost like a small city. 
However, entering the town at night would easily expose him, so he decided to wait until morning to blend in with the large crowd. 
Sure enough, even though the guards checked, they didn’t notice Lin Tian. 
The stealth buff only worked well in a crowd. 
Upon entering the town, it was unexpectedly lively. The people here all seemed to be smiling and happily strolling around. 
The numerous vendors made the scene dazzling. 
“I didn’t expect people to live so well in this world,” Lin Tian found it hard to believe. 
Surviving in the enchanted forest was tough and nerve-wracking for him. 
These people even had spare money to buy snacks and go for a stroll. 
When he reached a small square, he finally understood. 
[Bright Town Adventurer Team Rankings. 
1. Platinum-level, Blades of Valor 
2. Silver-level, Gale Adventurers 
3. Silver-level, Savior Adventurers 
4. Bronze-level, Posecaya Adventurers] 
This must be the human world’s ranking list. He didn’t expect Loder and his scumbags to be at the Platinum-level. 
They must have improved a lot recently. 
“Hmph, so what? I already have an excellent plan. Even if the Sword Saintess comes, you won’t escape my grasp!” 
Lin Tian continued to wander around the town. 
He wasn’t just wandering idly; he was surveying the terrain, estimating the population, the number of soldiers, and the defense facilities. 
He even took note of the underground drainage systems and so on. 
He wanted to fully grasp all the information about this town. 
By nightfall, he had figured it all out. 
Just as he passed by a tavern, he heard that familiar, hateful voice! 
“Hahaha! Drink! Keep drinking hard these days!” 
Loder! 
Immediately, he entered the tavern to see what was going on. 
Unexpectedly, the place was packed, with people crammed in from top to bottom. This was perfect for him. 
Lin Tian found a corner and scanned the crowd, finally spotting Loder and his companions. 
They were sitting around the center of the tavern. 
It was still the same few people: Leader Loder, the white-robed nun, the red-haired knight, and the silver shieldbearer. 
At this moment, Loder took a hearty drink and said proudly, “You don’t know, when facing that Four-Armed Demon Ape, it almost killed me with one punch! Fortunately, Ifreya used the holy skill ‘Foresee Death’ to save me. That’s why having a healer in the team is so important.” 
The Four-Armed Demon Ape was a fourth-tier monster, level 40, extremely powerful. 
Upon hearing this, everyone couldn’t help but cheer. 
“Ifreya, my goddess! As expected from the Holy Church! She knows the legendary Foresee Death!” 
“I’m so envious! A healer is important, but having such a beautiful healer is even more important!” 
“Dream on! Even getting a whiff of Ifreya’s scent would be a New Year’s blessing for you!” 
“Everyone, watch your words. Is it appropriate to blaspheme a goddess?” 
Listening to the flattery, Ifreya’s nose was practically in the air as she said in a mock humble manner, “The leader is still amazing. Otherwise, it wouldn’t have been possible to kill the Four-Armed Demon Ape with just me.” 
The red-haired knight and the silver shieldbearer grumbled beside her, “What, you’re only praising your man? Don’t we count?” 
“No, no, you two are amazing too, alright?” Ifreya replied in mock annoyance, casting a flirtatious glance at Loder. 
Their relationship didn’t need much explanation. 
At this moment, a resident mocked, “You two are impressive, but Loder is still part of our Lionheart Empire’s imperial family! And also a disciple of the Sword Saintess!” 
This was also why the Sword Saintess took him as a disciple. 
The imperial family, no matter how weak or strong, wasn’t something easily defied. 
Lin Tian’s expression changed slightly; he hadn’t expected that guy to have such an identity. 
However, even if it were the Emperor of the Lionheart Empire, he would still have to die! 
The red-haired knight and the others started to get annoyed, “What does it matter to you if our leader is from the imperial family! Shut up!” 
They immediately began to argue. 
“Stop arguing. Recently, the evil dragons on Dragon Island have entered their breeding season and often come to steal the herders’ cattle, sheep, and horses, making people afraid to graze their livestock. You adventurers are so great, why don’t you go slay the dragons?” 
At this moment, the tavern owner spoke in a contemplative tone. 
He was wiping glasses at the bar, his tone heavy. 
Slay dragons? 
That was indeed every adventurer’s dream, but dragons weren’t so easy to slay. 
It was known that an adult dragon was at least level 50 and could fly! They had immense health and high attack power! 
Only Diamond-level adventurers could handle them; anyone else would just be offering themselves up as a meal! 
… 
Hi everyone, the Lionheart Empire is called an empire, however it contains many characteristics of a kingdom. In the raws, for example, many things that should be referred to as “imperial” are referred to as “royal”. I’ve changed all mentions of royal/king to imperial/emperor to match the Lionheart empire naming. I’ll talk more about it later. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 12: Sword Saintess! 
TL: Sungmin 
The resident who had just been rebuked said at this time, “Hmph, you all are so great, then the dragon slaying task is yours!” 
“You!” 
The red-haired knight was furious, but he didn’t dare to take on this task. 
No matter how much he pretended, he wouldn’t dare to speak lightly about dragon slaying. 
Especially since it was a dragon of Dragon Island. 
Dragon Island was separated by dozens of kilometers of sea, and it was home to dozens, even hundreds of evil dragons! 
It was said that it had even nurtured a Dragon King at the elemental level. 
That was equivalent to a sixth-tier magical beast! 
At this moment, the tavern keeper sighed, “Alas, it seems that Bright Town is in trouble. We must quickly seek aid from the capital. Otherwise, those evil dragons might even eat people!” 
During the breeding season, dragons needed a lot of nutrients. 
And each dragon needed to eat two tons of food a day. The nearest land town to Dragon Island was Bright Town. 
Undoubtedly, it would become the dragons’ first target. 
This was just the beginning. It was terrifying to imagine what it would be like when dozens of dragons came to prey! 
“How could this happen!” 
“It’s over. Is Bright Town going to be destroyed by dragons?!” 
“I need to hurry home and pack my things to escape from here!” 
“Where can you escape to? If Bright Town is finished, do you think other villages and towns will be spared?” 
Fear showed on everyone’s faces; they didn’t know what to do. 
The tavern keeper cursed again, “Isn’t it because the current adventurers are all cowards? If they had gone to kill the dragons on Dragon Island earlier, there wouldn’t be so many now.” 
At this moment, Loder finally spoke, calmly saying, “Everyone, rest assured. I have written a letter asking my master to come and slay the dragon. With her here, it will be a simple matter, and there is no need to request troops from the capital.” 
“What!” 
“Wow, really! We can see the unparalleled beauty of the Sword Saintess!” 
“This time we’ve hit the jackpot! Not only can we see the Sword Saintess, but we can also witness dragon slaying firsthand!” 
In an instant, the previously dispirited residents were invigorated and extremely excited. 
Who hadn’t heard of the Sword Saintess’s stories? 
She had single-handedly swept through the thousand-mile magical forest to the west of the empire! 
She had defeated the strongest swordsmen of several neighboring countries in single combat, winning every match! 
Most importantly, she was said to be as beautiful as an angel fallen to the mortal world. Some perverts even wanted to be judged and punished by her. 
At this time, Lin Tian slowly got up and left the tavern. 
If he stayed any longer, the Sword Saintess might arrive and discover his identity. 
However, he had already gathered enough information. 
When the Sword Saintess and the others fought the dragons, he could seize the opportunity to take out some key targets. 
His goal of killing or capturing Loder would be relatively easier. 
Soon, another month passed. 
Lin Tian tried simulating life three times, succeeding twice and failing once. 
The failure was not due to the Sword Saintess discovering him but because Loder was killed by the evil dragons in the chaotic battle. 
Although he had succeeded, if he didn’t do it himself, it would lose its meaning! 
It had to be done personally to be effective. 
As the time for the dragons’ massive attack on Bright Town approached, Lin Tian began preparing for a sneak attack. 
This time, about seventy to eighty second-generation goblins had been born. 
All had grown to adulthood. 
[Small Goblin: Lv11<br/>
Race: Goblin<br/>
Profession: None<br/>
Title: Elf Bloodline, Exceptionally Gifted<br/>
Health: 110<br/>
Strength: 15<br/>
Defense: 13<br/>
Skills: Gene Devour<br/>
Equipment: None<br/>
Overall: 100] 
Even if these second-generation small goblins were whiteboards, at around level 10, their attributes were close to those of ordinary humans. 
They naturally had a level cap of 30, making them very powerful. 
If there were hundreds, even thousands of these goblins, leveling up to the max would be enough to take down a human city. 
Perhaps the third or fourth generation would be even stronger! 
But whether that was effective remained unknown. 
So, Lin Tian did not bring these goblins this time; he only brought the first-generation ones. 
Even if they all died in Bright Town, he wouldn’t feel any pain. 
He also didn’t plan for them all to come back alive. 
Now was the time for survival of the fittest, even though these guys had fought alongside Lin Tian before. 
But goblins were goblins; where was the talk of emotions and humanity? 
They were just consumables. 
Then, leading nearly a hundred fully armed first-generation goblins, he set off for Bright Town! 
… 
Inside Bright Town. 
The grand arrival of the Sword Saintess had the whole town celebrating for three days and nights! 
In the church, a tall woman, at least 178 centimeters, clad in dazzling gold and white armor, stood inside praying. 
Her tall stature, paired with the long sword at her waist, exuded an imposing aura. 
A white cloak with gold trim added a touch of sanctity. 
Outside, Loder cautiously entered and said, “Master, recently we’ve seen a few evil dragons lurking near the town. Since no one is grazing their livestock, they seem to be getting impatient and may soon attack the town.” 
Even though he was of imperial blood, he could only behave respectfully in front of this extraordinarily powerful swordswoman. 
He dared not have any impure thoughts. 
“I understand. Let’s go. We need to arrange for some dragon-hunting crossbows. Otherwise, none of you will be of any use when the time comes, and it will be my disgrace.” The Sword Saintess turned slowly as she spoke. 
At that moment, even Loder’s heart trembled! 
Her flawless face was a masterpiece, every line exquisitely crafted! 
Her red lips seemed to exude moisture. 
However, her eyes were covered with a white silk cloth, adding an air of mystery and making her seem unattainable. 
Although her eyes were covered, it did not impair the Sword Saintess’s vision. 
She walked straight out. 
Outside, most of the men in the town were gathered around the church, craning their necks to catch a glimpse of her beauty. 
“Oh my God, is that the Sword Saintess? So noble, so beautiful!” 
“What is that invisible aura of sanctity? It’s much more than what I feel from nuns!” 
“A woman who combines power and beauty—I can’t imagine what kind of man could conquer her!” 
“Don’t even think about it. Even our Lionheart Emperor wouldn’t dare make a move on her!” 
As the Sword Saintess emerged, the residents made way. 
Her commanding presence was entirely different from that of the townsfolk! 
They heard her say, “Collect a large amount of wood and build ten dragon-hunting crossbows within a day.” 
“Yes, yes, yes!” 
A group of people eagerly began working, fearing they would be looked down upon by the Sword Saintess if they did too little. 
Of course, even if they worked hard, they wouldn’t earn her esteem. 
Otherwise, she wouldn’t cover her eyes with a silk cloth. 
This world wasn’t worthy of her direct gaze. If anyone was, it would be a man capable of conquering her. 
In less than half a day, 
the wood was collected. 
Following the blueprints provided by the Sword Saintess, ten dragon-hunting crossbows were completed before nightfall. 
They were placed at various high points around the town. 
These crossbows were so large they needed wooden carts for mobility and required the strength of more than a dozen adult men to pull back the strings. 
Each was about 10 meters long, equipped with two-meter-long bolts. 
Only then could they be called dragon-hunting crossbows. 
… 
Discord (announcements and updates!)? <a href="https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC">https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC</a> 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 13: Dragon Invasion 
TL: Sungmin 
“Roar!” 
Suddenly, a thunderous roar echoed from the distant sky! 
Deafening and shattering! 
It was a fear embedded in human instinct! 
Most of the residents of Bright Town were so scared that their legs went weak, nearly collapsing to the ground. 
Women and children ran into their houses in terror. 
Even Loder and his team wiped cold sweat from their foreheads. 
The dragon’s might was too terrifying. 
However, a majestic figure stood on the city wall, a platinum cape fluttering in the wind, showing no fear at all! 
It boosted everyone’s morale. 
The fear significantly diminished. 
After all, with the Sword Saintess here, everything would be fine. 
“Tell the residents to let the elderly, women, and children take refuge in the shelter. Leave these flying lizards to us.” The Sword Saintess said coldly. 
Full of disdain. 
Besides Loder’s group, the other hero teams mainly assisted in evacuating the masses. 
Suddenly, the clouds in the sky were swept away by a gust of wind. 
The dragons finally appeared. 
Their bodies were covered in black and brown skin, without fur, sharp fangs, and claws, with dragon wings that blotted out the sky! 
Their size was about fifteen meters, but their maximum wingspan was close to fifty meters! 
They were just like the dragons in Western mythology. 
“Have they arrived?” The Sword Saintess said calmly. 
She single-handedly loaded the dragon-hunting crossbow, aiming at the sky seven to eight hundred meters away. 
Aimed, and fired! 
“Whoosh!” 
A piercing sound of the arrow breaking through the air exploded instantly! 
One must know, this crossbow required ten adult men to pull it! And she did it single-handedly, fully drawn! 
Incredibly, a distant, sorrowful dragon’s roar rang out! 
The giant dragon, like a bird with broken wings, fell from the sky! 
This scene immediately moved all the residents of Bright Town to tears of gratitude! 
“Indeed, the Sword Saintess is incredibly strong!” 
“We just need to take refuge, and when we come out, the dragon threat will be over! Hahaha!” 
“God bless us, after this incident, we should build a grand statue for the Saintess!” 
The residents, amidst cheers, hid in the shelter without any tension or fear. 
However, two or three dozen men stayed behind to help. 
With the hero teams, about fifty people in total, it was more than enough. 
With the fall of the first dragon, its death roar immediately enraged the remaining dragons. 
Seven or eight dragons that came out to hunt quickly broke through the clouds, heading towards Bright Town! 
Moreover, on Dragon Island hundreds of miles away, a giant creature suddenly opened its eyes! 
“I have already shown you how to use the dragon-hunting crossbow. Don’t be too stupid.” The Sword Saintess said calmly. 
Suddenly, she executed a rapid spinning kick, sending the timber used to make the dragon-hunting crossbow flying. 
In the distance, a dragon’s pupils suddenly contracted! 
It was too late to dodge, and blood spurted from its eyes on the spot! 
Screaming, it lost direction and crashed to the ground! 
The nearby dragons were puzzled, only to be struck by more flying timber. 
All hit their marks! 
Although it didn’t kill the dragons, it caused substantial damage. 
This scene left everyone else stunned. 
The timber scraps could suppress so many dragons! 
And her eyes were still blindfolded. If she took off the blindfold, the timber scraps would probably slay the dragons! 
She was incredibly strong, at a whole different level! 
“The real dragon is coming, everyone get ready at the dragon-hunting crossbows.” At this moment, the Sword Saintess said solemnly. 
Seeing her on guard, the others were so scared they scrambled to get in position. 
“Roar!!!” 
Suddenly, a lightning-like dragon roar resounded through the heavens and earth! 
This roar far surpassed the previous dragon’s roar, on a completely different level! 
“Look, look there! Oh my God! What is that!” A resident shouted in terror. 
In the distant sky, a truly enormous dragon broke through the clouds! 
Its head was larger than an entire ordinary dragon. 
Its body was dark purple with numerous prominent golden-purple bone spurs, so massive it seemed like a mountain moving closer! 
A creature over a hundred meters long! 
With a wingspan close to five hundred meters! 
The swarming dragons around it looked like tadpoles in comparison! 
Loder’s heavy voice spoke, “Purple-Gold Dragon Mother! A level 79 super monster!” 
“Is that the Dragon King? Quick, shoot!” 
The crowd finally reacted, all drawing their bows and loading. 
Ten dragon-hunting crossbows fired simultaneously in the direction of the Purple-Gold Dragon Mother! 
The piercing sound of the arrows breaking through the air felt like it could rupture eardrums. 
However, the Purple-Gold Dragon Mother opened her gaping maw, spewing a torrent of golden-purple flames! 
The incoming arrows were all reduced to ashes. 
Moreover, the flames lasted for an extended period! 
They shot from over a kilometer away, reaching the front of Bright Town! 
Everything in its path was scorched to cinders, rendering the arrows ineffective. 
Faced with that terrifying heat wave, the residents’ legs went weak, unable to stand! 
If they were to be hit by those flames, they would turn to ashes instantly! 
“High-tier Sword Skill, Sword Qi Surge!” 
Finally! 
The Sword Saintess drew her sword! 
A flash of cold light appeared as a magical array gathered on her longsword, unleashing a sword qi wall as grand and overwhelming as a tsunami! 
“Swoosh swoosh swoosh!” 
It directly blocked the dragon flames. 
Loder had seen much in his time, but the other members of the hero team were so shocked they nearly shouted! 
“High-tier Sword Skill! My god, it’s High-tier!” 
“As expected of the Sword Saintess, witnessing the use of a high-tier sword skill is worth dying for!” 
“The dragon flames were just blocked like that, incredible!” 
Sword skills, magic, martial arts, and so forth were collectively referred to as combat skills. 
They were categorized into low-tier, mid-tier, high-tier, super-tier, ultimate, world-class, half moon-class, full moon-class, and sun-class, among others. 
A high-tier magic spell was already rare to see anyone use. 
Not to mention the higher levels. 
With the dragon flames blocked, Loder and his team quickly fired more arrows. 
Three flying dragons were shot down on the spot! 
The remaining arrows hit the Purple-Gold Dragon Mother, but to her, they were like toothpicks. 
Merely causing slight pain. 
“Roar!” 
Despite some losses, the flying dragons entered the town’s range! 
One blast of dragon flames and a house was instantly destroyed! 
Mouthful after mouthful, they wreaked havoc, destroying everything effortlessly! 
The residents hiding in the shelter, hearing the deafening sounds, couldn’t help but feel a bit frightened again. 
At this moment, a mother comforted her crying child, “Don’t be afraid, don’t be afraid, everything will be fine. We just need to stay here, it’s very safe.” 
“Yes, even if the town is destroyed, we won’t be affected. It’s very safe.” 
With this reassurance, the residents breathed a sigh of relief. 
At worst, they could rebuild their homes later. 
But was it really safe? 
… 
“Ah, what a beautiful fireworks show.” 
On a small hill far from Bright Town, Lin Tian watched the sea of flames in the distance, unable to help but sigh. 
As he spoke, a wicked smile appeared on his lips. 
… 
Discord (announcements and updates!)? <a href="https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC">https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC</a> 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 14: Sneak Attack Successful! 
TL: Sungmin 
The dragons in the sky were indeed imposing, terrifying the hundreds of goblins behind them into trembling. 
[Wyvern: Lv51<br/>
Race: Sub-dragon<br/>
Profession: None<br/>
Title: Fifth-tier Monster, Fire Element Manipulator, Symbol of Glory<br/>
Health: 530<br/>
Strength: 91<br/>
Defense: 102<br/>
Skills: Dragon Flame, Dragon Roar, Bite<br/>
Equipment: None<br/>
Overall: 600] 
Even a random dragon had such absurdly high attributes! 
And they could fly! 
Lin Tian couldn’t help but be surprised. Bright Town had provoked an entire dragon nest, probably around fifty or sixty dragons. 
It was definitely going to be destroyed. 
However, with that figure, that powerful figure present, it was hard to say! 
[Alicenia: Lv80<br/>
Race: Human<br/>
Profession: Sword Saintess<br/>
Title: Sword Saintess, Strongest Swordsman, Dragon Slayer, Peerless Warrior, Top Human, Swordsmanship Genius…<br/>
Health: 1700<br/>
Strength: 690<br/>
Defense: 700<br/>
Skills: Sword Qi Tempest, Unity of Man and Sword · Holy, Iron Gale, Star and Moon Slash · Holy, Death Sword Reincarnation, Holy Sword Intent…<br/>
Equipment: Platinum Battle Armor · Holy, Fine Gold Longsword · Holy, Clear Cape<br/>
Overall: 4000] 
Damn it! 
Seeing this familiar figure, Lin Tian couldn’t help but shout out! 
Damn it, it was too monstrous! 
He had thought there was only a slight gap, but it turned out to be a terrifyingly huge difference! 
Currently, his overall strength was only 750, which left him with no ability to resist! At most, he could handle an ordinary wyvern. 
The key was that her titles and skills were so many that the system couldn’t even list them all. 
Moreover, many of them included the word “Holy,” giving her a holy bonus specifically against monsters, adding an extra 10% damage. 
Fighting her, even if he had a group of big goblins behind him, would be hopeless. 
However, Lin Tian’s target this time was not her, but Loder and his people. 
As long as he could complete his revenge first. 
“Boss, w-what is that?! How can it be so powerful?!” A goblin stammered. 
They saw the Sword Saintess weaving through the air, not flying, but stepping on those wyverns. 
Every now and then, a sword slash would decapitate a dragon! 
In the midst of her jumps, she had already slain dozens of wyverns! 
It was unbelievably overwhelming! 
Moreover, her target wasn’t ordinary wyverns but the Purple-Gold Dragon Mother about a thousand meters high! 
Using this momentum, she leaped onto the Purple-Gold Dragon Mother! 
She immediately slashed through its giant wings, causing the Purple-Gold Dragon Mother to plummet into the distance! 
“Boom!” 
Such a terrifying fall kicked up a storm of yellow sand, almost swallowing Bright Town. 
Meanwhile, Loder and his group had only managed to kill ten dragons in total, but at least they had almost wiped out half. 
The remaining wyverns frantically spewed dragon flames, destroying the town. 
They also set their sights on Loder and his people. 
With claws extended, they pounced! 
“Ifreya, prepare!” Loder called out with a serious expression. 
The white-robed nun immediately activated her skill, Holy Sound, chanting the Bible. 
Within a certain range, teammates received an attack boost. 
“Mid-tier Sword Skill! Sky Slash!” 
“Whoosh!” 
Loder’s longsword charged for about ten seconds, releasing a stunning sword energy! 
It was about three meters long! 
It slashed open the attacking wyvern’s abdomen, spilling its guts all over the ground, and it fell. 
“Hahaha! I’m a dragon slayer too now!” 
Afterward, Loder was extremely excited, wiping the cold sweat from his forehead. 
From afar, Lin Tian kept his gaze on him, astonished that this guy could also kill a dragon with one move. It was unbelievable. 
[Loder: Lv41<br/>
Race: Human<br/>
Profession: Bladesman<br/>
Title: Disciple of the Sword Saintess, Imperial Descent, Dragon Slayer…<br/>
Health: 700<br/>
Strength: 164<br/>
Defense: 133<br/>
Skills: Sky Slash, Unity of Man and Sword · Holy, Sword Dance, Sword Song…<br/>
Equipment: Fine Longsword, Fine Armor<br/>
Overall: 900] 
Overall, this guy’s strength was higher than Lin Tian’s. 
But he didn’t intend to confront him head-on; instead, he aimed to strike when he was vulnerable. 
That’s how a goblin should be, a bit treacherous. 
The battle in Bright Town gradually reached its climax. 
The town had completely turned into a sea of flames, and the buildings were almost entirely destroyed. 
Many people had died in the battle. 
Only about a dozen wyverns remained. 
“Follow me!” 
Finally, Lin Tian decided to move, leading the goblins into the town’s drainage system, crawling bit by bit inside. 
Because they all had a stealth buff cast by the elves, they were less likely to be discovered. 
Eventually, they reached the central area of the town. 
Based on his memory, Lin Tian found the location of the underground shelter. 
Lin Tian instructed, “You go down and cause a commotion. The rest of the goblins hide and wait for my command!” 
From a distance, Loder and his group were already covered in wounds. 
Their health was less than half, very weak. 
The white-robed nun was also exhausted, unable to continue. 
The red-haired knight and others were in similar states. 
Their overall strength had significantly diminished. 
Lin Tian had been waiting for this moment; he just needed to lure them over. 
“Goblins! Why are there goblins here!” 
“No! My child!” 
“Help! Call the adventurers to save us!” 
Inside the underground shelter, the terrified voices of the residents echoed. 
A man frantically rushed up, shouting, “Ah! Goblin invasion! Where are the adventurers! Goblins are attacking the shelter!” 
“What?” Loder and the others nearby frowned, “Damn it, where’s my master?” 
Turning to look, the distant ground was covered in dust! 
They could hear dragon roars and sword clashes, indicating the battle was still ongoing. The Purple-Gold Dragon Mother was not easy to deal with. 
“You two hold on, there aren’t many dragons left. Ifreya, come with me, let’s kill those damned goblins!” Loder said angrily, rushing over in a hurry. 
Twenty meters. 
Ten meters. 
Getting closer and closer! 
Suddenly, a short sword stabbed out from the ashes, piercing Loder’s foot! 
“Ah! It hurts!” 
Loder screamed, thinking he had stepped on something sharp, only to realize it was a goblin! 
He quickly moved to kill it. 
At this moment, the hidden goblins pounced on him! 
Initially, he could resist, killing a dozen goblins. 
But the sheer number overwhelmed him, all aiming to seize his sword! 
In the end, he had to admit defeat. 
“Captain, help me! I’ve been captured by goblins!” 
Ifreya’s panicked voice rang out, as she was ensnared in a net, being dragged along the ground. 
Like dragging a dog. 
It was very humiliating. 
Loder’s heart tightened, “Damn it! Damn it! Why are there so many goblins here!” 
However, he was already very weak, and without his weapon, he couldn’t resist. 
Health was linked to stamina and energy. 
With low health, his stamina also dropped, leaving him with no strength to fight back. 
“Damn it, Captain! Ifreya!” 
The red-haired knight and the silver shieldbearer saw the situation from a distance and, ignoring the wyverns, rushed over to help. 
But as they passed a pile of collapsed buildings, a chill ran down their spines! 
… 
Discord (announcements and updates!)? <a href="https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC">https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC</a> 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 15: The Sword Saintess’s Great Defeat 
TL: Sungmin 
Lurking for a long time, Lin Tian struck, his face full of a cold smile, directly piercing the body of the red-haired knight! 
“You! When did you!” 
The red-haired knight’s eyes widened in disbelief! 
“No!” 
Loder let out a painful shout but could only watch helplessly as the red-haired knight’s health hit zero. 
He slowly fell to the ground. 
Blood flowed everywhere. 
Finally, he became motionless. 
At this moment, the silver shieldbearer also reacted, confronting several ambushing goblins. 
Luckily, his defense was high; otherwise, he would have been killed by the ambush. 
After a few moves, he unexpectedly discovered that these goblins were not only strong fighters but also had high defense! 
There were even some using spears, making it impossible to get close. 
“Captain, these goblins are no joke! There are only six of them, and I can’t hold them off!” 
The silver shieldbearer’s terrified voice echoed as the goblins forced him to retreat repeatedly. 
At this moment, the goblins picked up burning torches and threw them at him. 
The flames ignited the fabric on his armor, burning him directly. 
“Ahhh! It hurts! It hurts so much!” 
The silver shieldbearer screamed hysterically! He threw down his shield and ran around wildly, becoming a human torch. 
“Damn goblins!!! I will kill you all!!!” 
Loder roared with heart-wrenching fury. 
Ifreya also burst into tears, even though she had never reacted like this when facing dragons. 
Now, two teammates had died directly! 
Lin Tian coldly smiled and said, “It’s time to go. The rest of you, go hunt those controlling the dragon crossbows!” 
Then, with about ten goblins, he took the two and jumped into the drainage ditch, making a quick escape! 
Just like that, Bright Town was completely thrown into chaos! 
Earlier, facing a group of dragons that had wreaked havoc on the town, they had not panicked, but now, they were completely disoriented. 
At the foot of a distant mountain. 
A large area of trees collapsed into splinters! 
The small animals were so frightened that they died from fear, not even having a chance to escape! 
The Sword Saintess was fiercely engaged in her battle! 
Several hills had been leveled. 
It was extraordinarily shocking! 
“What’s going on? Goblins dare to invade at a time like this?” 
The Sword Saintess’s tone held a hint of surprise as she coldly stared at the woman in purple armor before her. 
Now, she had taken off her blindfold, revealing deep azure eyes. 
It was as if two icebergs were in her eyes. 
The woman in purple armor was the Purple-Gold Dragon Mother, transformed into human form. 
She stood about two meters tall, with a very hot figure. The armor wasn’t exactly armor but an exoskeleton grown from her flesh, very imposing. 
Her golden slit-pupil eyes were extremely sharp. 
However, her body was already covered with wounds, oozing lava-like blood. 
The Purple-Gold Dragon Mother opened her mouth full of sharp teeth and said, “Heh heh, it seems you can barely take care of yourself, human Sword Saintess…” 
As she spoke, she reached out with her clawed hand and attacked again. 
Her speed was incredible! The force of her movement sent wood splinters flying into the air behind her! 
The Sword Saintess still handled it with ease, “Barely take care of myself? Let’s see how much more dragon blood you have left to spill.” 
“High-tier Sword Technique! Steel Gale!” 
She formed magical runes on her long sword and began swinging wildly! 
Each strike released a powerful, tangible sword qi! 
Dense and numerous! 
The Purple-Gold Dragon Mother’s pupils contracted, and she quickly covered her head to defend, the exoskeleton on her body growing madly to encase her. 
However, under the Steel Gale, the exoskeleton shattered continuously! 
Her whole body was sent flying, deeply embedding into the ground. 
The diverted Steel Gale slashed ten-meter-long, three-meter-deep cracks into the ground! 
It was a shocking sight! 
The Sword Saintess was about to pursue but was interrupted by the piercing screams of Bright Town’s residents, breaking her focus. 
Since her task was to protect Bright Town, it wouldn’t count as protection if everyone died. 
She had to turn back and rush towards Bright Town. 
“Heh heh, goblins? Thank you very much. I almost got finished by this crazy woman. I won’t let you off!” The Purple-Gold Dragon Mother, covered in blood, struggled to stand up. 
Transforming back into a sky-covering giant dragon, she flew towards Dragon Island. 
With a roar, the remaining dozen dragons also followed. 
Continuing was no longer necessary; the losses were too severe this time. 
“Did she escape? Never mind, I’ll personally go to Dragon Island and slaughter them clean.” The Sword Saintess looked up at the sky and whispered. 
Then she hurried into Bright Town. 
Residents emerged from the shelter, and a group of goblins was wantonly slaughtering them, bodies strewn all over the ground! 
Many female residents were even being violated by the goblins on the spot! 
These scenes fueled the Sword Saintess’s fury! 
Under her watch, Bright Town had become like this! 
“Loder! You useless fool! Can’t you even kill a bunch of goblins?” 
However, no one responded. 
The Sword Saintess’s anger intensified! She raised her longsword high into the air. 
With a roar to the sky, she shouted, “Ultimate Sword Technique! Heaven’s Finale!” 
Instantly, a powerful aura erupted from her, extinguishing all the scattered flames within a hundred meters! 
Immediately, a massive magic circle began forming in the sky. 
Swords formed from magic fell from the heavens! 
They landed precisely on the goblins’ heads! 
In less than five seconds, dozens of goblins, each as strong as an adventurer, were all dead! 
However, the Sword Saintess found it somewhat overwhelming, her body noticeably swaying. 
She could have killed them one by one without breaking a sweat, but the chaotic crowd greatly hindered her. 
A strong fighter like her, wielding such power, risked injuring ordinary residents. 
At this moment, a severely injured adventurer stepped forward, “Your Holiness, Loder and the others, they were captured by the goblins!” 
He was none other than the second-ranked in Bright Town, the leader of the Gale Heroes, Beck. 
“What?” 
The Sword Saintess was shocked. Captured by mere goblins? 
After all, he was considered her disciple! 
If this got out, it would be incredibly embarrassing. 
Beck, clutching his wound, seemed to recall something terrifying and spoke with some hysteria, “These goblins are very unusual; each one is as strong as a big variant. The red-haired knight and the silver shieldbearer are dead! Why, why did this happen!” 
Hearing this, the Sword Saintess looked to the side. 
Indeed, she saw the bodies of the two. 
“Each one as strong as a big variant? Hmph, I’ll slaughter every goblin tribe in the surrounding enchanted forests!” 
At this moment, she was enraged! 
Wild sword energy swirled around her! 
Every step she took left spiderweb-like cracks on the charred ground! 
At this time, a resident crouching in fear on the ground spoke up, “Saintess, are you leaving? What will we do if you leave?” 
“Yes, Saintess, if those evil dragons come back, what will we do? There might still be goblin remnants!” 
Many residents, trembling and crouching on the ground, were full of fear. 
… 
Discord (announcements and updates!)? <a href="https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC">https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC</a> 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 16: The Revenge Begins 
TL: Sungmin 
Hearing this, the anger of the Sword Saintess began to subside. 
Eventually, she calmed down and returned to her usual self. 
“You are right, I am the blade of the people, I cannot leave you.” The Sword Saintess said firmly. 
If she left, the residents of Bright Town would indeed likely suffer another attack. 
She herself also needed to recover after using an ultimate sword skill which had drained her greatly. 
Seeing the Sword Saintess stay, Beck sighed in relief, “Great, finally, finally I can get some sleep.” 
Saying this, he collapsed to the ground. 
This battle had been too devastating for them! 
Initially, they only needed to drive away the dragons and rebuild their homes. 
But the result was the slaughter of hundreds of residents, with many surviving women being violated by goblins. 
Even the Blades of Valor had been completely annihilated! 
“Loder, I have already requested aid from the imperial family for you. The rest is up to you. Having been captured by goblins, I have no face to rescue you myself.” The Sword Saintess said coldly, then began scouting around. 
She wanted to see where the goblins had come from. 
Compared to the people, she would rather abandon Loder and the others. 
However, this did not mean she wouldn’t seek revenge against the goblins. 
As soon as the Imperial Knights arrived, she would personally set out to exterminate all the goblin tribes in the surrounding enchanted forest! 
To wash away today’s shame! 
… 
“Let go of me! You disgusting lowly creatures!” 
Loder’s voice roared in the forest, filled with rage, his body paralyzed by the poison, unable to move. 
“Captain, what do we do, will Lord Sword Saintess come to save us?” Ifreya cried as she was dragged along the ground like garbage. 
She had never been in such a sorry state. 
Loder affirmed, “My master will definitely come. We just need to hold on and wait for an opportunity to escape.” 
Thus, they were taken back to the tribe. 
Lin Tian was still responsible for cleaning up the traces of their journey. 
“Back already? And you actually caught two humans!” 
In the cage, Lia was shocked, unable to believe they had really done it! 
Not only had they intruded into human territory, but they had also captured humans. 
Who could have thought that this was a goblin tribe without even a single major variant! 
Loder was still defiant at this moment, “Hmph, just a bunch of lowly goblins. Once I recover a bit of strength… what!” 
Seeing the scene in the tribe, he was stunned! 
Elves! 
These goblins had actually captured so many elves! 
Even they dared not provoke the elf tribes. 
“Oh no! This tribe might have a hero variant!” 
At this moment, Loder could no longer remain defiant. If there was a hero variant goblin, he probably wouldn’t survive until the Sword Saintess came to rescue him. 
Seeing the elves naked and mating with the goblins, Ifreya’s pupils were shaking and filled with blood! 
She couldn’t imagine such a thing happening to herself! 
Happening to a sacred nun! 
“Boss, where are the other goblins? Why are only you back?” Gobu Yue asked curiously. 
Lin Tian sighed, “You don’t know, we encountered a dragon attack. The scene was too chaotic, and they all died in battle.” 
Gobu Yue responded with an “oh,” and the other second-generation goblins understood. 
“What!” 
Loder’s pupils contracted, and cold sweat began to pour from his forehead! 
From Lin Tian’s words, he knew that this goblin was lying! Calming the other goblins’ emotions! 
My god! 
What level of intelligence was this! 
Since when did such a goblin tribe emerge in this small enchanted forest? 
However, upon observation, he found that there didn’t seem to be any special variant goblins here. 
The leader must be that one who was almost like a low-level goblin. 
Exceptionally intelligent, very difficult to deal with. 
“Ifreya, have you recovered a bit?” 
Loder and Ifreya were thrown beside a rock, and he asked cautiously. 
Ifreya shook her head, “This poison is too strong. Even though I have a holy constitution, it will take a long time to dispel it, but it’s almost done.” 
However, at this time, Lin Tian walked over with a cold, wicked smile. 
“Kekekeke, you seem to be recovering soon?” 
He then bit Ifreya on the chest, injecting more poison. 
She moaned in pain. 
“Stop it! Damn you!” Loder shouted in fury. 
Upon hearing this, a second-generation goblin angrily rushed over and slapped him hard, “Don’t shout at the boss!” 
Humiliated by a goblin! 
His teeth nearly shattered from clenching, but he could only endure it. 
“Everything is fine here. You all go hunt some food.” Lin Tian spoke up. 
Then, his eyes turned cold, looking at the two on the ground as if they were insects. 
This gaze made Loder feel a chill in his heart.  
“You must be a highly intelligent goblin, right? Haven’t you thought about the consequences of capturing us? You should have seen the power of the Human Sword Saintess!” 
“Of course, I am aware. The Sword Saintess? She is also my prey, just not the right time yet.” Lin Tian said. 
Although he appeared calm, he was thinking about how to deal with these two beasts. 
Two human-faced, beast-hearted animals! 
He certainly wouldn’t kill them. Back then, they hadn’t had the heart to kill Lin Tian. 
So, he would repay them a hundredfold. 
Hearing Lin Tian refer to the Sword Saintess as prey, Loder found it amusing. “Just you lot? The Sword Saintess could kill you all with a single slash!” 
“Now, I will ask, and you will answer. If you say the wrong thing or too much, I can’t guarantee you won’t lose something.” 
Lin Tian stomped on Loder’s head. 
Loder gritted his teeth in anger, almost looking like he wanted to eat someone. 
“Let me ask you, do you enjoy secretly imprisoning and torturing goblins?” Lin Tian asked coldly. 
Loder’s body stiffened slightly, “What?” 
“Slash!” 
Suddenly, the cold light of claws flashed, tearing off his ear! 
Blood spurted onto Ifreya next to him, scaring her to the brink of tears. 
“I don’t! You beast! Are you crazy?” 
Loder shouted through the intense pain, but inside, he was trembling! 
Only their team knew about such things, so how did a goblin know? 
Could it be that this goblin had been watching them all along? 
Weird, too weird, how was this possible? 
“Slash!” 
While he was thinking, Loder felt a sharp pain in his right ear! 
Both his ears were torn off! 
“Stop! I’ll talk. I indeed did those things, but so what? You goblins also like to torture humans, even eat people!” Loder said fearfully. 
Hearing this, Lin Tian laughed wickedly, “You’re right, but I’m a goblin! Gobu Tian, Gobu Kuang, tie his limbs to this rock.” 
Indeed, from a moral standpoint, Lin Tian had nothing to be ashamed of. 
But that was human morality. 
Now, Lin Tian no longer had human morals, only goblin morals. 
Which meant, no morals! 
“Wait, what are you going to do? Stop!” 
Loder’s heart began to race in terror! 
Ifreya cried on the spot, “Lord, Holy Mother, please send a miracle to save us!” 
But it was futile. 
If there were so many miracles, the world would be in chaos. 
“What is wrong with this goblin? He even considers the Sword Saintess as prey. Such a terrifying and strange creature, it might really be possible!” Loder thought nervously. 
This time, there was no escaping. 
Lin Tian’s gaze finally turned to the white-robed nun on the ground. 
At first, he had thought she was a good person, but she turned out to be the most disgusting and perverted! 
She had castrated him, then used magic to heal, and castrated him again! 
A beast among beasts! 
“You, what are you going to do? Ugh…” 
Seeing Lin Tian getting closer, Ifreya trembled in fear. 
“Oh yeah!” 
“Kekeke, a human nun, so beautiful!” 
Seeing this, the other goblins cheered in excitement. 
Lin Tian turned his head, “Don’t worry, as long as you stick with me, you’ll have good treatment in the company! Everyone will get their share!” 
“Beast!!! How dare you!!!” 
Suddenly, Loder’s hysterical roar echoed! 
His forehead veins bulged, he almost used all his strength to scream. 
Spitting saliva everywhere. 
Lin Tian’s mouth slowly curved into a smile. His purpose was to show it to Loder. 
He began to lay his hands on the white-robed nun. 
Loder trembled with rage, suddenly becoming calm, “I beg you, let her go. I promise not to trouble you. I can even support you, give you a status in the Lionheart Empire, how about it? 
I swear by the Stantmont family name to God!” 
This condition, if offered at their first meeting, Lin Tian might have believed. 
But now, forget it. 
These two beasts could never be trusted. 
Then, he slowly, bit by bit, made Ifreya feel unprecedented sensations. 
“Aah! Stop! My body has been dedicated to the Lord, you disgusting thing, don’t touch!” 
Ifreya screamed miserably, “Save me, Captain!” 
The more intense her cries, the more excited Lin Tian became. 
Loder was almost fainting from anger, he could only close his eyes, unwilling to watch. 
In the distance, Lia and the others were peeking, “This Lin Tian, could he have a grudge against humans? What he’s doing seems very vengeful?” 
Since they had been together for a long time, Lin Tian had told her his real name. 
“I heard the boss mention before that he wanted to take revenge on humans, so it seems so.” Gobu Yue said. 
Cassandra, however, responded with irritation, “Goblins are just goblins—evil, filthy, that’s their nature. Of course, Gobu Yue is an exception.” 
“Cassandra, child, I believe Lin Tian is different. Although we are imprisoned, apart from not being able to move freely, we don’t have to worry about anything else.” 
Lia was now completely taken by Lin Tian. 
The main reason was that every time they mated, she could experience sensations beyond what elves could provide. 
Previously, even two or three elves at a time were not enough for her. 
Now, a single Lin Tian was enough to completely satisfy her. 
She had fallen in love with that feeling. 
ED: Huh, don’t know why Lia referred to Lin Tian as Lin Tian. Looks like the author doesn’t intend to keep Lin Tian’s name as ‘Goblin’ in the story? 
… 
Discord (announcements and updates!)? <a href="https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC">https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC</a> 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 17: Rare Goblin 
TL: Sungmin 
“Mother, why are you talking to the goblin?” 
Cassandra’s eyes were full of unwillingness as she spoke. 
Lia still looked infatuated with Lin Tian. “Child, you don’t understand now, but you’ll see the good in Lin Tian later.” 
However, after speaking, a trace of helplessness flashed in her eyes. 
This was the only thing she could do now, to win Lin Tian’s sympathy and then fight for everyone’s freedom. 
That would provide an opportunity to escape. 
After several hours, Lin Tian finally finished. 
“Gobu Tian, Gobu Kuang, pry open that guy’s eyes for me.” 
Lin Tian looked at his results with a face full of pride as he spoke. 
Two goblins, taller by a head than ordinary goblins, immediately started to act upon hearing his words. 
They had to make him experience the utmost despair and pain. 
They were both Lin Tian’s direct descendants, with attributes far surpassing ordinary goblins and were on the verge of evolving into big variants. 
Thus, they planned to recruit younger brothers. 
In the goblin tribe, there were no father-son or mother-child relationships. They did not acknowledge a father but recognized a leader instead. 
If the leader ordered them to kill their biological parents or close friends, they would do so without hesitation. 
“Ah! Damn goblin, you beast! I will kill you! I will have the Imperial Knights flatten your tribe!!!” 
Seeing this scene, Loder roared, veins bulging on his forehead and neck. 
However, no matter how he struggled, it was useless. 
“Leader, leader, I’m fine. The Lord will bless us.” Ifreya struggled to speak. 
Her white nun’s habit was full of mud. 
Loder felt immense heartache. She was his childhood sweetheart, whom he had known since their time in the Holy Church. 
Now, she was in such a state. 
Lin Tian’s eyes were full of coldness and ruthlessness. The torture he had endured before was not any less than this. 
The key was that for Ifreya, the pain might be unbearable. 
But it was clear that for Loder, there was only endless torment and pain! Worse than death! 
Beside him, Loder shouted to stop, blood continually spurting from his throat, “Stop!!!” 
However, it was useless. 
He could only watch helplessly as the goblins took their revenge. 
At this moment. 
Gobu Kuang’s aptitude improved, and with sufficient level, he began to evolve. 
His body grew to about 1.7 meters. 
His slender limbs now bulged with muscles, clearly marking him as a ‘Goblin Warrior’ among the big variants. 
[Gobu Kuang: Lv33<br/>
Race: Goblin<br/>
Profession: Warrior (Greatly enhanced attack and defense)<br/>
Title: Elf’s Child, God’s Blessing, Monster Slayer,…<br/>
Health: 470<br/>
Strength: 142<br/>
Defense: 168<br/>
Skills: Snake Venom, Stone Skin, Silent Steps, Climb, Iron-Blooded Wolf Nature, Giant Tooth, Giant Mountain Body, Battle Roar<br/>
Equipment: Simple Iron Armor, Simple Long Sword<br/>
Overall: 500] 
Being a second-generation goblin, he would randomly inherit some skills. Besides, they had been hunting magical beasts and had long learned many skills. 
However, the most special was ‘Battle Roar,’ a unique skill of goblin warriors. 
The roar could deter other creatures, causing a brief loss of action ability, though it was ineffective against too strong creatures. 
Overall combat strength wasn’t purely based on attribute stacking. 
It was assessed based on combat performance. 
Seeing this attribute panel, Lin Tian was somewhat surprised. Second-generation goblins, indeed, evolved quickly and had such high attributes. 
They were almost catching up to him. 
“Gobu Tian, Gobu Kuang, take the other goblins and continue to kill magical beasts, devour more flesh to level up and evolve.” Lin Tian ordered. 
Now, as long as these second-generation goblins kept eating, they would gain experience and then break through level thirty to evolve into big variants. 
Building such a second-generation big variant goblin tribe would be enough to dominate this enchanted forest. 
According to recent investigations, their goblin tribe was not the only one in this enchanted forest. 
There were a total of seven. 
Except for the Bloodfang Tribe in the west, the others could be ignored. 
The leader of the Bloodfang Tribe was of big variant level and was about to evolve into a hero variant, with over three hundred members, posing some threat. 
So now, sending the tribe members to level up was the best option. 
“Yes, boss!” 
The goblins set off in mighty formation, already able to sweep from the south to the north. 
Then, Lin Tian looked at the dying Ifreya on the ground. 
He found a red potion bottle on her, probably a recovery potion. 
He wouldn’t let this guy die so quickly. 
“Why are you saving me, you demon!” Ifreya said painfully. 
But before she could finish speaking, she was tied up just like Loder to prevent her from escaping. 
At that moment. 
Loder began to panic, desperately trying to struggle and escape, but Gobu Yue kept injecting him with toxins, leaving him paralyzed all day. 
He understood now, it was his turn! 
“Jie jie, don’t get excited, take a deep breath, dizziness is normal.” 
Lin Tian took him down from the rock. 
He wandered around the forest for a while, then fiddled with the kiln. 
He made some simple torture devices. 
Doubling the torment he had previously suffered! 
“Seriously, you’re just a goblin, why is your heart so terrifying!” 
Loder looked at the rough and crude yet functional torture instruments, his pupils trembling! 
The word ‘fear’ instantly filled his brain! 
He hurriedly added, “Wait, this is not sanitary at all. What if it gets infected? Wait! Stop, stop! Ahhh!” 
As the tragic screams echoed, Loder experienced what it meant to be better off dead! 
He now personally understood how he used to torture monsters. 
… 
Several hours later, 
“Demons! A bunch of demons! Leader, hang in there, sob sob…” 
Ifreya cried her eyes out, not daring to look at Loder at this moment. 
Afraid that his shame would make him choose to bite his tongue and end his life. 
Loder, covered in blood and unsure if he was dead or alive, was thrown to the ground. 
Then tied up again, finally marking the end of the torment. 
The anger in Lin Tian’s heart had dissipated a lot. 
Now, he had to prepare to resist the human cleansing, though he wasn’t worried they would find this place so soon. 
“Boss, we’re back. The surrounding monsters have been killed, but fortunately, everyone has basically evolved into big variants!” 
At this moment, from a distance came the voices of Gobu Tian and the others. 
A group of strangely shaped goblins slowly approached. 
The reason they were called strange was that there were many branches of big variants, not just goblin warriors. 
Lin Tian’s eyes lit up, very satisfied! With this, they could go and crush the Bloodfang Tribe, capture their leader, and create the third generation of goblins. 
Third-generation goblins needed a goblin hero as a breeding stock to have a noticeable improvement. 
Although the Bloodfang Goblin was still a big variant, in Lin Tian’s hands, letting him evolve would be an easy task. 
Then, he counted the types of goblins that had evolved this time. 
Among them, there were 50 goblin warriors, with super high attack and defense attributes, but that was it, quite mediocre. 
Then 20 goblin assassins. 
Their bodies were about the same size as low-level goblins, only around 1.2 meters tall, but their skin had turned jet black, making it easier to hide. 
Their ears were sharper and longer, and their crimson eyes had become ghostly green. 
Moreover, Gobu Tian had also evolved into a goblin assassin. 
[Gobu Tian: Lv31<br/>
Race: Goblin<br/>
Profession: Assassin (Speed increased)<br/>
Title: Elf’s Child, God’s Blessing, Keen Hunter, Monster Slayer,…<br/>
Health: 300<br/>
Strength: 130<br/>
Defense: 80<br/>
Skills: Night Stealth, Deadly Ambush,…<br/>
Equipment: Simple Iron Armor, Simple Short Sword<br/>
Overall: 450] 
Although his attributes in various aspects were not as high as a goblin warrior, his overall strength was even higher than that of a goblin warrior. 
Because an assassin was far more troublesome than a warrior. 
Who knows, you might get stabbed to death walking at night. 
The rest included several goblin priests and one evil goblin. 
The role of goblin priests was to heal the group and such. 
But the evil goblin was something else. 
“Damn, if only I could become an evil goblin too. Unfortunately, I can’t evolve into a big variant, I can only ascend directly to a god.” Lin Tian said with a face full of unwillingness. 
Now, more than becoming a Goblin God, he wanted to be an evil goblin. 
[Evil Goblin: Lv30<br/>
Race: Goblin<br/>
Profession: None<br/>
Title: Elf’s Child, God’s Blessing, Monster Slayer, Strong Kidneys and Bones,…<br/>
Health: 200<br/>
Strength: 71<br/>
Defense: 44<br/>
Skills: **** , ****<br/>
Equipment: Simple Iron Armor, Simple Short Sword 
Overall: 150] 
Overall strength was pathetically weak. 
But the skills were really enviable. 
“You guys go back first, I’m going to have a little chat with this evil goblin in the forest.” Lin Tian said. 
Then he ordered the evil goblin to follow him into the dark enchanted forest. 
“Ah! Boss!” A miserable scream echoed. 
Startling the birds to scatter. 
“A one in a million chance! How could I pass it up?” 
In the forest, Lin Tian was devouring his flesh, one bite after another. 
He consumed it completely, gaining all the skills in the process. 
The possibility of a big variant mutating into an evil goblin was extremely small, so Lin Tian chose to kill him and seize his skills for himself. 
… 
Discord (announcements and updates!)? <a href="https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC">https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC</a> 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 18: The New Pet 
TL: Sungmin 
In the tribe. 
Seeing so many big goblins appear, Loder and the others thought it was an invasion by other goblins! 
They couldn’t imagine the agony of being tortured for so long and then immediately facing such a painful ordeal again! 
“Gobu Tian, you’re back? You’ve all become so powerful!” 
At this moment, Gobu Yue greeted them. 
Loder then understood that the previous group of small goblins had all evolved into big ones! 
What a terrifying situation! 
This was a goblin tribe with dozens, nearly a hundred big goblins! 
Even in the largest enchanted forest of the Lionheart Empire, it was already a formidable presence. 
And this was just a small piece of the remote enchanted forest! 
“That leading goblin, what kind of monster did it evolve to? We must have the Imperial Knights and my master eradicate this terrifying tribe as soon as possible!” 
The more Loder thought about it, the more terrified he became, trembling uncontrollably. 
If left unchecked, it would surely cause a massive uproar. 
… 
Lin Tian also returned to the tribe, planning to give it a name. 
This would make it easier to declare war on the Bloodfang Tribe. 
However, he was not inclined to declare war; a surprise attack would be better, but the tribe still needed a name. 
He gathered all the goblins and asked, “Gobu Yue, Lia, Gobu Tian, and you all, what do you think would be a good name for our tribe?” 
The current members had become more intelligent, allowing for higher-level communication. 
Gobu Yue thought for a moment, “How about we call it the Mighty Tribe? Let’s grow strong together! Hehe!” 
“Little Yue, you’re too naive. Goblin tribes are usually named after their leader,” Lia teased. 
Gobu Tian and Gobu Kuang looked at each other, pondering what the name should be. 
Finally, they said, “Boss, let’s call it the Dragon Slayer Tribe? We will slay dragons in the future!” 
Seeing their foolish yet pretentious looks, Lin Tian’s eyes lit up. 
“Well, let’s call it the Tian Kuang Tribe.” 
With that, the decision was made. 
“Tian Kuang Tribe! Tian Kuang Tribe! Tian Kuang Tribe!” 
The goblins cheered, dancing and jumping around. 
It seemed that even after evolving, they couldn’t shake off their silly habits. 
Lin Tian chose this name to make others believe that the tribe leaders were Gobu Tian and Gobu Kuang. 
This way, he could stay safe. 
He also planned to primarily train these two, making them the main combat force. 
The next day during the day. 
Lin Tian set out alone to scout the Bloodfang Tribe and gather information. 
He traversed the enchanted forest to the far east, unexpectedly discovering that the previously marked goblin tribe had vanished! 
“Huh? Weren’t there the Black Bear Tribe and the War Horse Tribe? How were they wiped out?” 
Previously, he saw that these two tribes had big goblins, and their combined strength was equal to the Bloodfang Tribe. 
But in such a short time, how could they have disappeared as if they evaporated? 
However, they were not Lin Tian’s target; he continued towards the Bloodfang Tribe. 
Finally, he arrived outside the Bloodfang Tribe. 
This tribe had an excellent environment, built by a fish-rich river and surrounded by plains. 
Because it was easy to obtain food in the early stages, the tribe developed well. 
There were many huts, with at least three hundred goblins, possibly more. 
Although it was daytime, there were always goblins on the watchtower scouting, and even patrol squads circling the camp. 
Lin Tian was amazed, saying, “So cautious? Could it be…” 
He was still thinking when suddenly a completely different goblin emerged from a large hut! 
It was entirely black-brown, with strange blood-painted markings on its skin, nearly two meters tall! 
Its tusks protruded, and its eyes were fierce and glaring! 
It held a bone hammer the size of a small car, seemingly made from the skull and spine of some creature. 
A hero variant! 
A giant hammer goblin! 
That bone hammer was even larger than its own body. 
Lin Tian suddenly understood, “So it evolved into a giant hammer goblin and wiped out all the surrounding goblin tribes. How did this guy evolve so quickly?” 
This was the most puzzling part. 
However, after a closer look, he understood. 
The shape of that bone hammer resembled a fourth-tier magical beast from the western forest! The Ghostly Zebra! 
“It actually hunted a fourth-tier magical beast? No wonder.” 
The Ghostly Zebra was the strongest magical creature in this enchanted forest. 
Its body was at least seven or eight meters long, and its head and neck were perfect for making a large hammer. 
Lin Tian then checked that guy’s attribute panel. 
[Warhammer Goblin (Bloodfang): Lv50<br/>
Race: Goblin<br/>
Profession: High-tier Warrior<br/>
Titles: Monster Slayer, Goblin Hero, God’s Blessing, Breeding Machine, …<br/>
Health: 700<br/>
Strength: 239<br/>
Defense: 114<br/>
Skills: Fierce Hammer Strike, Great Strength, Stone Skin, Climb, Silent Steps…<br/>
Equipment: Bone Hammer<br/>
Overall: 900] 
Due to the lack of ironworking technology, its attributes weren’t overly monstrous. 
The goblins of Lin Tian’s Tian Kuang Tribe all wore iron armor and wielded iron swords. Even though their base attributes weren’t ideal, the difference between having equipment and not having it was significant. 
However, since they all lived in the same enchanted forest, the Warhammer Goblin’s skills were mostly the same. 
“It doesn’t seem too powerful; with an overall combat strength of 900, a dozen goblin warriors should be able to handle it,” Lin Tian said. However, capturing it alive would be much more difficult. 
This guy had likely eaten the immune porcupine in the enchanted forest, giving it strong resistance to paralysis toxins. 
If only the white-robed nun Ifreya could be used by him, he could directly employ imprisonment-type holy magic. 
“I’ll think of a plan after returning,” he decided. 
Having gathered enough information, Lin Tian left the western side of the forest. 
The goal of dealing with the Bloodfang Tribe was straightforward: to capture the giant hammer goblin and make it a breeding stud to produce a better next generation. 
This was essential to having the strength to counter the human empire. 
Otherwise, they would eventually be exterminated. 
Upon returning to the tribe, the foolish Gobu Kuang approached, “Boss, according to your instructions, that human is no longer able.” 
Lin Tian turned his head. 
He saw Ifreya lying on the ground, unconscious. 
As for Loder, his main ordeal hadn’t even begun. 
But watching his goddess being tormented by goblins all day had driven him mad. 
Lin Tian slowly walked over and slapped Ifreya awake, “Hehehe, are you in pain now? Suffering?” 
“Kill me. I want to atone before God,” Ifreya said, waking up in a state of collapse. 
However, Lin Tian changed his approach. He brought warm water and began to clean Ifreya’s wounds and filth. 
“The boss is such a neat freak, haha!” Gobu Kuang laughed foolishly on the side. 
Ifreya thought Lin Tian was being kind, but she quickly realized the truth and resisted frantically, “No, I was wrong! I’m going insane! It hurts so much!” 
Hearing this, Loder screamed in agony, “You beast! That’s enough! Aren’t you done yet, you evil, shameless goblin?” 
But Lin Tian looked genuinely heartbroken as he held Ifreya in his arms, comforting her like an elder, “It’s okay, it’s okay. I won’t let them hurt you anymore.” 
Ifreya was stunned and then broke down, crying in Lin Tian’s arms, venting her accumulated grievances and pain. 
In her eyes, everything had lost its color. She had prayed countless times for God to save her, but God never came. 
Only now did Lin Tian extend a helping hand. 
Lin Tian carried her to a large water tank and carefully washed her body. 
“From now on, as long as I’m here, no other goblins will control you. I am your God, understand?” he said, continuing his psychological manipulation while washing her. 
In her current state, Ifreya’s mind was blank, making it the best time for psychological manipulation. 
“Yes, I am a servant of God. I will stay by your side as long as you protect me,” Ifreya said excitedly, like a kitten. 
Then he continued to strengthen his psychological manipulation and brainwashing. 
Soon, Ifreya became a devoted follower of Lin Tian, believing that as long as she stayed by his side, she would be safe. 
Nothing else mattered. 
“My God, Ifreya is willing to give everything,” she said, rubbing against Lin Tian’s leg obediently. 
Seeing this, Lia and the others felt incredibly fortunate. 
They couldn’t imagine becoming like that; it was worse than death! 
As for Loder, his true hell had begun. 
Gobu Kuang and the others approached him with evil smiles, “Humans are great; even males have such delicate skin. You live longer than me, yet your skin is better!” 
“What are you doing? Hey! Wait! Is this a mistake? Are you serious?!” 
“Ahhhh!” 
That day, a new beast was born in the enchanted forest. 
Looking at Ifreya, Lin Tian asked, “I want to see you use the Holy Light Cage skill.” 
Now, she dared not disobey Lin Tian, fearing he would abandon her. 
“Holy Light? Cage? What is that? My Lord, I don’t know,” Ifreya said, confused, having forgotten all human affairs. 
Lin Tian brought her the original magic book. 
After flipping through a few pages, she finally responded, “Holy Light Cage? Is this it?” 
As she spoke, her magic activated involuntarily, connecting with the magic book. 
… 
Discord (announcements and updates!)? <a href="https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC">https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC</a> 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 19: Attacking the Bloodfang Tribe 
TL: Sungmin 
“Whoosh!” 
A powerful gust of wind rose, directly shooting out a beam of golden light, cutting down the big tree outside the tribe. 
Lin Tian sensed something was wrong; this must have been a Holy Light Impact. 
Through the system, he could see Ifreya’s attribute panel and skills, so he was somewhat familiar with them. 
[Ifreya: Lv38<br/>
Race: Human<br/>
Profession: Holy Nun<br/>
Title: God’s Servant, Holy Body, Monster Hunter, Hero, …<br/>
Health: 309<br/>
Strength: 98<br/>
Defense: 107<br/>
Skills: Holy Light Impact, Holy Light Defense, Holy Healing, Holy Bible Cage, God’s Gift · Holy<br/>
Equipment: Low-level Holy Magic Book<br/>
Overall: 500] 
Because she was a healer, her strength wasn’t particularly high, but with Holy-type skills, she could still take on several big goblins alone when at full strength. 
However, now she was essentially a loyal dog to the goblins. 
At this moment, Lin Tian flipped to the page with Holy Bible Cage. 
Looking at the strange text on it, Ifreya involuntarily began to chant. 
Resonating with the magic book, a fist-sized golden halo flew out from the book. 
It transformed into a cross shape, embedding itself firmly into the ground. 
“That’s more like it.” 
Lin Tian smiled with satisfaction. With this move, dealing with that Giant Hammer Goblin shouldn’t be a problem. 
But before that, he needed to collect a large amount of paralyzing toxin. 
After imprisoning him, just forcefully administer it until his resistance couldn’t hold out. 
At this moment. 
Gobu Kuang and the others had lost interest. 
Loder finally had a chance to catch his breath, feeling worse than death! 
If he weren’t waiting for the Sword Saintess and the imperial family to rescue him, he would have bitten his tongue and killed himself already. 
“Hmm? Ifreya, have you recovered? Quickly kill that goblin! Use magic to heal my body! Hurry!” 
Loder almost shouted, trembling all over, his eyes wide open and bloodshot! 
But Ifreya only glanced at him, as if she didn’t recognize him, then curled up by Lin Tian’s feet, her fair and beautiful body starting to sleep. 
“What, what is going on!” 
Loder’s breath trembled, unable to believe the scene before him. 
Ifreya, a holy nun, had actually become a goblin’s dog?! 
It was simply absurd! 
Lin Tian looked at him and sneered, “What else? She has willingly submitted to me, and has become my dog.” 
“You’re seeking death!!!” 
“Do you know what you’ve done? Ifreya is the daughter of the Holy Church’s bishop! Chosen to serve God! The child of the Holy Mother! You have no idea what you’ve done!!!” 
“The wrath of the Holy Church! How can a mere goblin bear it? Even the Lionheart Empire must show respect to the church, and you dare to do this?! Hahaha!” 
Loder didn’t know whether to laugh or be angry. 
Ifreya’s status was even higher than his, otherwise, he would have taken action long ago. But he only dared to pursue her, not to be forceful. 
Because she represented the gods. 
If killed by a goblin, it wouldn’t matter much; it would just be a conflict between humans and monsters. 
Quite normal. 
Even if she was defiled by goblins, it could be understood, after all, goblins were goblins. 
But now, a goblin had tamed God’s servant into his personal item, obedient and docile. 
This was provoking the gods, provoking God! 
This was the prelude to a war between monsters and gods! 
The church would never let this go. The Lionheart Empire, and even this continent, would be turned upside down! 
“Hahaha, your actions will undoubtedly lead to the complete extinction of goblins from this world!” 
Loder laughed again and said. 
Lin Tian roughly understood, “Why can’t goblins have her? God is a god, don’t goblins have gods too?” 
“Pah! A lowly monster like you dare compare with the church’s gods? Your existence is just to be slaughtered!” Loder spat fiercely, agitated. 
Lin Tian nodded slowly, “I see. Well then, Gobu Kuang, are you all scared? Can’t do it? Why is this guy idle.” 
“Huh? Boss, don’t slander me!” 
With that, Gobu Kuang and the others got back to work. 
Loder was shaking with anger and fear, “Beasts! Damn beasts! Aaaahhhh!” 
… 
When things were settled, Lin Tian began to gather the goblins and prepare their weapons; it was time to take on the Bloodfang Tribe. 
He announced, “This time, all the other goblins can be slaughtered, but their leader must be captured alive. Now, start collecting as much toxin as possible and fill these iron barrels.” 
Fortunately, with the iron-smelting process, iron barrels could be made. 
In the end, they collected over ten barrels of paralyzing toxin. 
“Let’s go, to the Bloodfang Tribe.” 
At This Moment, Inside the Bloodfang Tribe 
“Boss, we’ve cleared out all the surrounding goblin tribes and caves.” A goblin priest reported. 
The Giant Hammer Goblin nodded in satisfaction. “Very good. This way, our Bloodfang Tribe can dominate the enchanted forest to the west! Hahaha!” 
“However, there is still a relatively large tribe to the south. But it’s no big deal; when we checked them out recently, they were all ordinary goblins, not even a single big one.” 
Although the priest said this, his expression was somewhat complicated. 
The Giant Hammer Goblin dismissed it, “A small tribe like that can be wiped out by just two big ones. No need to worry.” 
“But I discovered they have a lot of ironware, and they even keep elves!” 
The priest couldn’t help but raise his voice in surprise and confusion. 
Immediately, the Giant Hammer Goblin sat up. “Elves? Did they take down the northern elf tribe?” 
“It seems so. Therefore, we must deal with them carefully. We should find an opportunity to raid and destroy their tribe, and seize the elves.” The priest sneered. 
Goblins would also guard against each other; it was better to eliminate rivals early to prevent them from growing stronger. 
The Giant Hammer Goblin pondered for a moment. “Alright, we’ll go later.” 
“Boss! There’s a goblin outside who wants to talk to us!” 
Suddenly, a shout broke the tranquility of the Bloodfang Tribe. 
The visitor outside was Lin Tian. 
The Giant Hammer Goblin stormed out, wielding his massive hammer. 
He sneered, “Hmm? A low-level goblin? Just kill it.” 
“Bloodfang leader, I know you’re a hero-tier goblin, with intelligence close to that of a human, so I’ve come to talk to you.” Lin Tian said. 
The Bloodfang leader was slightly taken aback. “You? A mutant variant?” 
He could sense that Lin Tian was definitely not an ordinary goblin, hence the assumption. 
“No, no, I’m just a bit smarter. Besides, I’m the leader of the Tian Kuang Tribe to the south, the one you mentioned that keeps elves.” Lin Tian squinted his eyes slightly as he spoke. 
Upon hearing this, the Giant Hammer Goblin burst into laughter. “Priest, is this the southern tribe you said was dangerous to the Bloodfang Tribe? How could this weakling pose a threat to us? Hahaha!” 
For a moment, the goblin priest was speechless. 
When he went to investigate, they were indeed all low-level goblins. 
But he didn’t expect them to be so weak. 
“Bloodfang leader, I’m actually here to propose cooperation. If you join us, you can have elves and even humans to mate with. But the condition is that only you can join.” Lin Tian said seriously, staring directly at him. 
The Giant Hammer Goblin was stunned, then put down his bone hammer. His massive body, like a small mountain, approached Lin Tian. 
He reached out and grabbed Lin Tian. 
“Fool, I’ll kill you, and those elves will be mine!” 
He said, ready to crush Lin Tian. 
Goblins had no concept of not killing messengers; they would kill any they could. 
However, the next second, the Giant Hammer Goblin’s fingers were cleanly severed! 
Blood gushed out! 
“Argh! Damn it! Kill him!” The Giant Hammer Goblin roared, retreating in pain. 
With the command, all the goblins of the Bloodfang Tribe rushed out, but they were all naked and unarmored. 
Their weapons were merely stones and wooden clubs. 
“Boom! Boom! Boom!” 
In the next second, thunderous, rhythmic footsteps resounded from the dark forest! 
“What’s happening? Is a giant monster coming?” 
The goblins of the Bloodfang Tribe were terrified by the sound. 
But when they saw the approaching figures, true fear gripped them! 
It wasn’t just any giant monster; this was much worse! 
Dozens of goblin warriors marched in unison, clad in iron armor and wielding iron spears! 
They moved like an unstoppable army! 
“How can there be so many goblin warriors!” 
The Bloodfang priest was stunned. Whoever wanted to fight could go ahead; he turned to flee. 
But as he reached the edge of the grassland, a sharp blade pierced his chest! 
“Who?!” 
The Bloodfang priest roared in madness, baring his teeth to resist. 
One stab didn’t kill him. 
Then another blade stabbed into his forehead. 
The assailant was Gobu Tian, leading a group of goblin assassins. 
In the dark, they were almost invisible, even with goblins’ night vision. 
However, night stealth only worked at night, not during the day. 
And the duration of night stealth was only 30 seconds, used only at crucial moments. 
This was such a moment. 
With Gobu Tian’s command, all the goblin assassins entered stealth mode, infiltrating the Bloodfang Tribe. 
At this moment, the Giant Hammer Goblin was furious. “Damn it, what good are so many goblin warriors? I’ll smash them all!” 
He reached for his bone hammer again. 
As his fingers opened, a flash of cold light! 
His fingers were all severed! 
Now, with no fingers on either hand, he couldn’t hold the hammer, greatly reducing his strength. 
“Damn it! What is this?! My hands! I can’t lift the hammer! I can’t lift the hammer!” 
The Giant Hammer Goblin raged, flailing his fists wildly. 
Seeing this, Gobu Tian shouted, “The boss’s task is done, retreat!” 
Goblin assassins were fragile; a single punch could kill them, so they retreated immediately. 
Outside the tribe, the well-equipped goblin warriors were fighting fiercely. 
The small goblins charging at them were easily slaughtered. 
Three hundred goblins couldn’t withstand them. 
Even the goblin warriors of the Bloodfang Tribe had only half the attributes of Lin Tian’s warriors. 
They were easily killed. 
Soon, only the enraged Giant Hammer Goblin remained. 
“Master! Master!” 
At this moment, Lin Tian led Ifreya forward, commanding, “Use Holy Bible Cage to trap him.” 
“Yes, master!” 
Immediately, Ifreya began chanting the Bible, the magic book flipping on its own. 
A light orb transformed into a cross, piercing through the Giant Hammer Goblin’s body! 
Trapping him in place, unable to move. 
However, it seemed it could only last for a dozen seconds. 
Seizing this opportunity, Lin Tian ordered, “Where’s the stuff? Pour it in his mouth! Then use the toxin skill to bite him!” 
A group of goblin assassins appeared, swiftly pouring the collected toxin into the Giant Hammer Goblin’s mouth. 
Others bit him relentlessly. 
“Damn it! Damn it!” 
The Giant Hammer Goblin struggled with all his might, finally breaking free from the cage, flinging several goblin warriors away. 
His strength was immense. 
“Everyone back off!” Lin Tian quickly ordered. 
The Giant Hammer Goblin’s hateful eyes locked onto Lin Tian, charging at him! 
Ifreya prepared to use magic, but was stopped. “It’s okay, my good dog.” 
“Boom!” 
A cloud of dust rose. 
The Giant Hammer Goblin fell before Lin Tian, completely paralyzed. 
… 
Discord (announcements and updates!)? <a href="https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC">https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC</a> 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 20: Heading to Dragon Island! Purple-Gold Dragon Mother! 
TL: Sungmin 
“Humph, a hero variant? We’ll have one soon too.” Lin Tian said with a smug smile. 
In the current tribe, the talent limit was the hero variant, but that was the limit. 
The limit meant upgrading was extremely difficult, basically at the big variant, and evolving further to the late stage was almost impossible. 
How could Lin Tian wait for the late stage? 
He estimated they would soon face a human encirclement and retaliation. 
There was also a Sword Saintess; time was of the essence. 
After dragging back this giant hammer goblin, he would immediately take control of it. 
Severing the tendons in its hands and feet would make it completely lose the ability to resist, ensuring it peacefully became a breeding goblin. 
“Isn’t it too big? Lin Tian, my children won’t be able to handle it!” 
Upon hearing Lin Tian’s arrangement, Lia felt scared and quickly discussed it with him. 
Indeed, with the size of the giant hammer goblin, the petite elves might not match. 
Then she said, “Then artificial insemination will do. Gobu Yue, I’ll teach you, just help out when the time comes.” 
“Is that even possible?” 
After a series of indescribable procedures, Gobu Yue felt her worldview was shattered. 
“In the coming days, just focus on cultivating the third generation of goblins.” 
Lin Tian let out a long sigh of relief. 
But then he became vigilant again. 
Now was not the time to relax. 
The tribe needed time to grow to have the ability to resist, but how could the humans give them time? 
Calculating the days, the arrival of the human reinforcements was imminent. 
If they continued like this, they would either escape as far as possible or face one word: death. 
Their current combat power couldn’t contend with the Imperial Knights. 
However, Lin Tian had long buried a plan. 
“I need to go on a long journey these days, keep vigilant.” Lin Tian said. 
He was afraid the Sword Saintess or human reinforcements would arrive early and come for a sweep. 
But the chances were small; this place was far from Bright Town, with many scattered enchanted forests in between. 
It would take some time to eliminate the goblin tribe. 
Lia couldn’t help but worry, “Where are you going again? Don’t take risks.” 
“Don’t worry, I won’t die, and even if I do, it’s no big deal.” Lin Tian said calmly. 
Gobu Yue and the others listened to him without any objections. 
However, Loder sneered, “Could it be that with the reinforcements arriving soon, you’re scared and planning to escape?” 
After enduring so much suffering, he was finally seeing the light at the end of the tunnel! 
So he was a bit cocky and couldn’t help but mock. 
“Someone, serve him with the giant hammer goblin.” 
Lin Tian wondered why this guy’s mouth was so stubborn. Since that was the case, he wouldn’t be polite. 
After a few attempts, Gobu scratched his head, “Boss, can this really work?” 
“There is no road in the world; when many people walk on it, it becomes a road.” 
After Lin Tian finished, he left the Tian Kuang Tribe first. 
Time was tight, and he started traveling at full speed. 
The next day, he arrived at the seaside. The golden beach, sunshine, and the melody of the waves made him feel cheerful. 
“Across the sea? What’s the most convenient way to get there?” Lin Tian pondered. 
Indeed, he was going to Dragon Island. 
At first, he thought about getting a boat and sailing over. 
But with a distance of over a hundred kilometers, it would take at least ten days to half a month by boat. 
After some research. 
The fastest way was to lure a dragon. 
Directly attracting a dragon from Dragon Island was the most convenient. 
Then, he simply looted a few surrounding villages, capturing a dozen or so cows and sheep. 
They weighed over a thousand pounds. 
Then he bled them, tied the meat together, and piled it on the beach. 
Lin Tian hid inside the pile. 
The smell of blood was highly attractive to dragons during their breeding season. To gather the nutrients needed for reproduction, they would collect a large amount of food. 
Half a day passed. 
Sure enough, a black and red figure broke through the clouds in the distant sky, heading towards the beach. 
Lin Tian stared at the dragon through the gaps in the meat, it was too beautiful! 
Dragons, to men, were irresistible. Riding one in flight was a dream come true. 
“That goblin! I see him, on the beach, quick!” 
“Kill him!” 
“Return our cows and sheep! Damn low-level creature!” 
At this time, a group of villagers gathered the young and strong men from the village, armed with weapons, ready to trouble Lin Tian. 
They were full of momentum. 
When they saw a giant dragon attacking from the sea, they were scared stiff! 
In unison, they turned and fled. 
“Remember the goblin was here!” 
“Yes, yes, let’s go!” 
The dragon swooped down towards the beach, the terrifying pressure causing ripples to spread across the sea surface! 
Its sharp claws accurately grasped the bundled-up beef. After circling once, it flew back towards Dragon Island. 
Lin Tian hid inside the meat, secretly rejoicing. As expected, he hadn’t guessed wrong. These dragons weren’t hunting for themselves. 
It was for the Purple-Gold Dragon Mother, that ancient giant dragon that blocked out the sky, which had entered its breeding season! 
It needed nutrition, hence the enormous food requirement. 
Through a gap, looking at the endless ocean, Lin Tian couldn’t help but marvel at how strange and wonderful this world was! 
He didn’t even know how big it was, and there were gods and such. It seemed the humans in this world firmly believed in them. 
Suddenly. 
A spray of water shot up hundreds of meters high! 
It sprayed directly in front of Lin Tian. 
Looking down, he was almost dumbfounded! 
A ninth-tier monster. 
The Sea-Devouring Demon Whale! 
At a glance, he could barely see its edge! It was almost merging with the ocean! 
It was estimated to be about ten thousand meters in size. 
Fortunately, this demon whale was not aggressive, only eating small creatures in the sea. 
As he was lost in thought, he finally saw a small black dot appear on the distant horizon. 
It grew larger and larger until it was fully visible. 
“This is Dragon Island? It looks pretty nice.” 
Lin Tian was somewhat surprised. It was different from the imagined volcanoes, lava, and obsidian. 
Dragon Island was composed of many islands, with the central island seemingly split open, featuring numerous waterfalls and canyons, streams resonating with the waves. 
Extremely spectacular! 
This was fjord terrain. 
However, there were also vast grasslands and dense jungles on the broader islands. 
Full of life. 
Most of the dragons built their nests on the cliffs. 
From afar, one could see a massive mountain, with a large hollowed-out cliff pit at its center. 
Inside the pit lay a gigantic purple-gold dragon. 
Crystals grew on its back, cold and beautiful. 
[Purple-Gold Dragon Mother: Lv79<br/>
Race: Ancient Giant Dragon<br/>
Profession: None<br/>
Title: King of Dragon Island<br/>
Health: 4100<br/>
Strength: 510<br/>
Defense: 580<br/>
Skills: Purple-Gold Dragon Flame, Humanoid Transformation, Dragon Roar, Ancient Call·Super<br/>
Equipment: None<br/>
Overall: 2900] 
Lin Tian looked at this creature’s attributes and felt it was acceptable. Was its overall combat power just that? 
Although he was lower himself, if everyone could be on par with the Sword Saintess, that would be too much. 
However, it was clear that this creature was not an ordinary dragon but an ancient giant dragon, the large-type. 
At this moment. 
The dragon carrying Lin Tian arrived at the cliff pit, directly throwing the meat in front of the Purple-Gold Dragon Mother, then left indifferently. 
Lin Tian quickly crawled out of the meat, hiding in the messy dead branches. 
Afraid that the dragon mother would swallow the meat in one gulp, Lin Tian would be done for. 
From time to time, a dragon would fly over, drop food, and leave. 
Lin Tian swallowed his saliva and cautiously walked to the cliff to see how high it was. 
In case the negotiation failed, how would he leave? 
After taking a look, he regretted it. 
The height was dizzying, enough to make his head spin and legs go weak. 
“Damn it, living this high up and not afraid of heights?” 
Lin Tian hurriedly backed away, but as he turned around, a giant golden pupil stared fixedly at him. 
“Where did this little bug come from?” 
At this moment, the Purple-Gold Dragon Mother spoke. To her, Lin Tian was indeed a tiny bug that could be crushed to death. 
No different from humans looking at ants. 
The dragon’s nose began to inhale, intending to blow Lin Tian away. 
“Wait! It’s me, the goblin leader who attacked Bright Town last time!” 
Lin Tian quickly spoke, a second later and he would be ‘Goodbye mom, tonight I’m setting sail~’. 
The Purple-Gold Dragon Mother’s pupils contracted, looking particularly sinister, staring at Lin Tian as if recalling something. 
Those contracted pupils were like mirrors, reflecting Lin Tian’s current appearance. 
Still that ugly goblin. 
Short, sharp-toothed, and covered in green skin. 
However, this time, Lin Tian’s heart didn’t change at all. He had already accepted this reality. 
He even tidied the few sparse white hairs on his head. 
After a long look, the Purple-Gold Dragon Mother spoke again, “It doesn’t seem like you’re lying, so what do you want?” 
“You also want revenge on that human female Sword Saintess, right? How about we join forces? Considering our surprise attack helped you escape last time.” Lin Tian spoke with a serious expression. 
The Purple-Gold Dragon Mother’s pupils contracted again, scrutinizing him. “You, a low-level goblin with slightly higher intelligence, dare to talk about cooperation with me? Although you did help me last time, it doesn’t mean I owe you.” 
Hearing this, Lin Tian was slightly stunned. This creature had a point. 
He almost forgot that high-intelligence beings did not necessarily know gratitude. 
Confused, he had again fallen into human thinking. 
Lin Tian, oh Lin Tian, you are a goblin. The thing in front of you is a giant dragon. How could you negotiate with her using human morals? 
“However, you seem interesting. Speak, how do we cooperate? I also want to take a bite out of that crazy woman!” The Purple-Gold Dragon Mother suddenly spoke again. 
Her massive body began to change, using the skill ‘Humanoid Transformation’. 
She reverted to a human form over two meters tall, wearing shiny purple-gold armor. 
Extremely captivating and beautiful. 
Her figure was impeccable, like a beautiful woman in a tight-fitting uniform. 
Lin Tian calmed down and explained, “It’s simple, just have you and your dragons harass around Bright Town daily.” 
“Harass? Do you know how crazy that woman is? She has already requested aid from the human capital. If we keep harassing, Dragon Island might not have a single dragon left!” 
Immediately, the Purple-Gold Dragon Mother was somewhat angry, feeling tricked. 
Last time they underestimated that crazy woman’s strength, almost leading to the dragons’ extinction on Dragon Island. 
Even she barely made it back. 
Harass again, as if dragon lives didn’t matter? 
… 
Discord (announcements and updates!)? <a href="https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC">https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC</a> 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 21: The Arrival of the Imperial Knights 
TL: Sungmin 
Lin Tian, unhurried, continued speaking, “Harassment is not an attack. You just need to stay far away and let them see that there are dragons around Bright Town.” 
The purpose of this move was simple. 
It was to keep the Sword Saintess and the incoming human reinforcements occupied. 
To let them know that dragons might launch another attack at any time, preventing them from going out to search for goblins. 
This would buy enough time to cultivate a large number of third-generation goblins. 
“So, we do the harassing, but what about you guys? I really want to hear why a group of small goblins dare to target that mad woman.” The Purple-Gold Dragon Mother asked again. 
Lin Tian thought for a moment and said they needed to create a large number of hero-level goblins to fight against Bright Town. 
After saying this, 
The Purple-Gold Dragon Mother also weighed the pros and cons. Generally speaking, she wouldn’t lose any more dragons, and the battles would be fought by goblins later. 
Finally, her eyes lit up with satisfaction, “Alright, let’s join forces then.” 
“In that case, may I ask you, Dragon Mother, to arrange a ride for me? How do I get back?” 
Lin Tian asked somewhat awkwardly. It was so high and so far away that it looked quite daunting. 
The Purple-Gold Dragon Mother snapped her fingers, and a wyvern flew over, “From now on, she will be at your service, staying with your tribe. Remember to treat her well; she’s just reached adulthood.” 
A personal ride? No, a personal dragon?! 
Lin Tian’s heart raced with excitement. This was amazing! 
He hadn’t expected such a pleasant cooperation with the Purple-Gold Dragon Mother! 
As he mounted the wyvern and was about to leave, he couldn’t help but ask, “By the way, Dragon Mother, since you’ve reached your breeding period, I haven’t seen any other ancient dragons like you on this island. It can’t be…” 
Compared to the Purple-Gold Dragon Mother’s size, these wyverns… 
Even if the whole dragon went inside, she probably wouldn’t feel a thing, right? 
“Are you trying to make me eat you? These wyverns compared to me are like you low-level goblins compared to humans.” 
“At most, you have a year. After that, I have to return to the ancient dragon clan to lay eggs. So, hurry up.” 
After saying this, the Purple-Gold Dragon Mother turned around to enjoy her feast of cattle and sheep. 
A year? 
Lin Tian thought for a while; it was about right in this world. 
But according to what she said, there was a place similar to this dragon island composed of ancient dragons? 
How many such gigantic dragons would there be? 
Even the Sword Saintess probably couldn’t match them. 
Just thinking about it made him fearful. 
Then he rode the wyvern back to the tribe. 
The intelligence of these dragons was about the same as low-level goblins, so they could understand simple commands. 
Handling them was also quite easy. 
“So, this is what freedom feels like?!” 
Above the clouds, Lin Tian felt he was riding the wind, not the dragon! 
Passing through the white clouds, the blue sky seemed within reach. 
Diving down at high speed, the splashes of water sparkled, forming small rainbows. 
After an exhilarating journey, he finally arrived at the enchanted forest. 
“Alert!!!” 
Gobu Tian of the Tian Kuang Tribe shouted, his heart pounding as he watched the huge figure swooping through the sky. 
Lia was equally shocked, “A dragon! It’s a dragon! Why is it here?” 
“A wyvern? Has something happened in Bright Town?” Loder also asked in confusion. 
The wyvern circled above the tribe, each flap of its wings making the trees sway, almost uprooting them. 
Loder struggled desperately, “Let me go! If it breathes dragon fire, we’re all dead!” 
“Dragon fire? What?!” 
Lia also began to panic, trying hard to open the cage. 
At this moment, they heard Lin Tian’s voice, “Everyone, calm down. It’s me, I’m back.” 
The wyvern slowly descended, landing in a haystack at the edge of the tribe. 
Lin Tian got down and gently soothed it, “Rest here for now, don’t wander off.” 
“Snort!” 
The wyvern snorted as if agreeing. 
“This, this is impossible! A trash goblin can actually ride a dragon?!” 
Loder’s eyes almost popped out! 
He’d rather believe he was dead than accept what he was seeing! 
Beast tamers were rare throughout the empire, and dragon tamers were even rarer. 
Yet now a low-level goblin had ridden a dragon back. 
If he had a stick, Loder would have knocked himself out. 
Seeing this, Gobu Yue and the others breathed a sigh of relief, “Long live the boss! So cool!” 
“This guy, is he really a goblin?” 
Lia couldn’t help but smile bitterly; her heart had almost jumped out just now. 
Gobu Tian and Gobu Kuang were so excited, waving their arms and shouting. 
“Boss, where did you go?” 
Gobu Tian asked curiously, eyeing the resting dragon. 
Lin Tian didn’t explain much and instead asked, “How is the breeding work I asked you to do?” 
“All done, boss.” 
Gobu Yue spoke up, saying that in the past few days, they had released the elves one by one for impregnation without any incidents. 
Lin Tian nodded and then went back to his hut and fell asleep. 
He had been traveling a lot recently and needed some rest. 
At least the greatest danger had been pushed back a bit, allowing him to take a breather. 
… 
In Bright Town. 
After more than half a month of reconstruction, the town had mostly recovered. 
However, to mourn the dozens of people who died and to serve as a reminder to everyone, their tombstones were placed in the middle of the town. 
Everyone who passed by saw them, constantly reminding them that an attack could happen at any moment. 
The Sword Saintess stood alone atop the highest bell tower in the town, her hands holding a sword behind her, standing tall and majestic like a statue. 
She often stood there without moving for an entire day. 
Many people tried to persuade her, but her response was that it was her negligence that led to the deaths of so many people. 
She shouldn’t have focused solely on slaying the dragon and ignored the issues within the town. 
Suddenly! 
A rapid clatter of hooves sounded outside the town! 
The Sword Saintess’s body moved slightly but then resumed its position. 
She lightly leapt down from the bell tower, over ten meters high, and quickly dashed to the city wall to greet the approaching group. 
The Imperial Knights! 
All of them were elite warriors carefully cultivated by the imperial family! 
There were fifteen of them in total, which, compared to an adventurer team, was equivalent to a Diamond-level force. 
They were divided into three parts: the Silver Blade Knights and the Battle Roar Knights. 
Each of these two teams had seven members. 
The remaining one was the Death Knight, Kasimov. 
He wore a pitch-black, tattered medieval armor, obscuring his appearance, but the chilling aura he exuded was very intimidating. 
He seemed like a misfit. 
“Even Kasimov is here? Looks like things are getting interesting.” The Sword Saintess spoke softly. 
Upon seeing her, the members of the knight teams took off their helmets and bowed deeply, “Sword Saintess.” 
“Do you think I wanted to come? Such a fuss for that guy.” Kasimov said coldly. 
Then he walked into the town alone without speaking. 
The Silver Blade Captain had curly red hair, a handlebar mustache, and a roguish look. He smiled and said, “Sword Saintess, it’s an honor to see you again. I admit I am once again captivated by your beauty. How about giving me a chance?” 
“Shut up, you curly-haired fool. You’re just a worker for the imperial family, and you dare to speak to the Sword Saintess like that?” 
At this point, a bald middle-aged man nearby spoke angrily. 
Despite being bald, his armor couldn’t hide his strong muscles. 
Indeed, his baldness made him stronger. 
He was the leader of the Battle Roar Knights. 
The Silver Blade Captain looked aggrieved, “What are you talking about? Who wouldn’t be attracted to the Sword Saintess? In this world, is expressing love not allowed anymore? Oh no! It’s too dark! Too cruel! Too despicable!” 
“Get lost, you pervert.” The Battle Roar Captain grumbled, pushing him away. 
At this moment, the Sword Saintess spoke, “Since you have arrived, stay here. I need to personally go to the enchanted forest.” 
“The imperial family said they want Loder alive or dead, but he’s likely dead. So could you please bring his body back?” The Battle Roar Captain quickly called out. 
Upon hearing this, the Silver Blade Captain snorted, “Dead or alive? If goblins captured him, even his bones would be gnawed clean. Our task is to slay the dragon and then wipe out those goblins.” 
“I understand. Give me three days, and I’ll slaughter all the goblin tribes in the surrounding enchanted forest!” The Sword Saintess’s voice had a hint of anger. 
Everyone felt a chill in their hearts. 
They dared not say anything more. 
But suddenly, a terrifying dragon roar sounded from the distant sky! 
The earth and sky trembled! 
“What is that thing? It’s huge!” 
“Don’t tell me we’re here to slay that thing!” 
The knights were stunned, involuntarily taking half a step back. 
The Silver Blade Captain’s roguish expression returned, “It’s an ancient dragon? No wonder even the Sword Saintess couldn’t handle it properly.” 
“My goodness! I’ve always heard ancient dragons were huge, but this is too big! Prepare for battle!” 
The Battle Roar Captain’s voice reached a high pitch as he commanded. 
Everyone drew their weapons, remaining on high alert. 
The Sword Saintess also stopped her departure, staring coldly into the distance. This time, she would personally slay that creature. 
But they were at a standoff for a long time. 
The Purple-Gold Dragon Mother didn’t come too close to Bright Town. 
She just circled around the town, flying for about an hour before leaving. 
“What’s the situation? Could it be observing us?” 
“Probably. These beasts might be preparing for an attack.” 
“Damn it, causing trouble as soon as we arrive. If it’s going to attack, let it come quickly so we can deal with it and rest!” 
Everyone remained on high alert, their nerves stretched taut. 
The Sword Saintess then prepared to take action herself to kill those goblins and restore her reputation. 
But the Battle Roar Captain called her, “Wait, Sword Saintess. If I’m not mistaken, that was a female dragon, right? Which means there could be a male dragon on Dragon Island.” 
“If two dragons come out, we might not be fully prepared to handle them, at least not to ensure the safety of all the residents.” 
Upon hearing this. 
The Sword Saintess was about to say something but then swallowed her words. 
Last time, only the female dragon had caused significant losses on Dragon Island. 
If it dared to covet this place again, there might indeed be two dragons, or even more. 
But she couldn’t suppress her urge to eliminate those goblins and clear the enchanted forest. 
She said, “Isn’t Kasimov still here? He has the strength.” 
“That lunatic? Let’s not count on him. Since he returned from Death Valley, he’s been like a different person.” The Silver Blade Captain spoke irritably. 
Back then, the Death Knight Regiment received orders to hunt down enemy invaders in Death Valley, but only Kasimov returned. 
Later, they learned it was the strongest knight team from the enemy empire. 
Kasimov’s return proved his formidable strength. 
The Sword Saintess was displeased but ultimately held back. She didn’t care about Loder’s life or death, but she had to restore her lost honor. 
She pondered, “Then I’ll stay here. The Silver Blade Knights will be responsible for hunting down the goblins who captured Loder.” 
“That works. As expected, the Sword Saintess is thoughtful. We’ll start the search tomorrow!” The Silver Blade Captain smiled knowingly. 
In the following days, the Purple-Gold Dragon Mother continued to harass Bright Town, putting immense pressure on them. 
Some residents even moved directly into shelters, afraid to go out. 
Meanwhile, the Silver Blade Knights rode their warhorses into the nearby enchanted forest, starting to cleanse and inspect the goblin tribes. 
They slaughtered any goblins they encountered. 
Doing their best to find Loder. 
… 
Discord (announcements and updates!)? <a href="https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC">https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC</a> 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 22: Building a Hero Tribe! 
TL: Sungmin 
… 
In the Tian Kuang Tribe. 
Lin Tian had almost fully recovered during this period of rest. 
It was time to once again improve his strength. 
After mating with Gobu Yue, his level cap had increased to over a hundred, but he still hadn’t gained enough experience. 
He needed to raise his level. 
Otherwise, facing the Sword Saintess would result in instant defeat. 
Lin Tian donned his equipment, took Ifreya by the hand, and prepared to level up in the enchanted forest. 
However, he suddenly thought of something. “Gobu Yue, you should come too.” 
It would be more dangerous in the future, and Gobu Yue definitely couldn’t die. 
She needed some strength to protect herself. 
It was best to take her along for leveling up. 
However, leveling up bit by bit would be too time-consuming. 
“System, start the Life Simulation.” 
[Life Simulation System is starting, current scenario: Cultivating Third-Generation Goblins 
After ambushing Bright Town and capturing the hero variant, you achieved decent results. 
But you have provoked the Sword Saintess, the human imperial, and even the massive force of the Holy Church. You need to quickly improve your strength and level. 
You took Ifreya and Gobu Yue into the enchanted forest to level up. 
In half a month, you killed two enchanted wolf packs, seven ghost-faced monkey packs, and several first-tier and second-tier magical beasts, reaching level 43. 
However, Gobu Yue unexpectedly reached level 50! Even surpassing you. 
Upon closer inspection, you discovered her talent passive skill ‘Wild Growth’ seemed to double the experience gained. 
You were very pleased. Even Ifreya, the dog, reached level 40. 
You lingered in the enchanted forest for another half month. 
Finally, you reached level 50, Gobu Yue reached level 60, and Ifreya reached level 45. 
Option 1: Return to the tribe and start planning the next steps. It’s too dangerous to stay outside any longer. Rating: 0 
Option 2: Your strength is still insufficient. Continue leveling up. Rating: 10 
Option 3: Level up to 100 to challenge the Sword Saintess one-on-one. Rating: 1000!] 
Seeing these outrageous options, Lin Tian was amused. 
Challenge the Sword Saintess one-on-one? Even if he reached level 100, it wouldn’t be possible. After all, goblins were low-level monsters with limited strength. 
Unless he evolved into a high-level variant, but even then, it wouldn’t guarantee a win against that crazy woman. 
It was better to use his brain. 
Time had passed, and it was almost time to check on the progress of the third-generation goblins. 
So, he chose option 1, returning to the tribe. 
Then he interrupted the life simulation, directly skipping a month ahead. 
[Summary: This enchanted forest can no longer provide enough experience. Leveling up is slow. 
Rating: 20 points (out of 100) 
Reward: Life Points x20 
This Life Simulation is complete, with a time progression of one month.] 
“Shush!” 
Immediately, Lin Tian felt a wave of dizziness in his head! 
His vision filled with blinding white light, as if he were standing in another world, the surroundings eerily quiet. 
From a bird’s-eye view, he watched everything happening in his original world. 
Frames of scenes flashed rapidly, finally freezing on the Tian Kuang Tribe. 
Lin Tian felt as if he were being sucked in, finally returning to reality. 
“My dear lord, are you feeling unwell?” 
Beside him, Ifreya’s voice sounded. 
Lin Tian opened his eyes and didn’t respond. Instead, he first checked his attribute panel. 
He was indeed level 50. 
Health 850, Strength 270, Defense 300 
Overall combat power was only 900. 
So weak. 
His level had been quickly raised, but his combat ability hadn’t caught up, resulting in an overall rating of only 900. 
But it didn’t matter; his attributes had increased, and the rest could be addressed later. 
He then glanced at Gobu Yue’s attribute panel. 
[Gobu Yue: Lv60<br/>
Race: Goblin<br/>
Profession: God’s Messenger<br/>
Titles: Female Goblin, Fallen God, Pure Soul, Monster Slayer, God’s Blessing<br/>
Health: 1000<br/>
Strength: 270<br/>
Defense: 390<br/>
Skills: Gene Devour, Wild Growth, Climb, Silent Steps, Stone Skin<br/>
Equipment: Basic Iron Armor, Basic Scimitar<br/>
Overall: 700] 
Her attributes had improved, but her overall rating was still shockingly low. 
This was probably because she didn’t know how to fight. 
As long as she had some self-defense ability, it was enough. 
As for Ifreya, Lin Tian didn’t care much; she was just a dog he kept. 
Then, he quickly went to see the newly born third-generation goblins. 
“Gobu Tian, where are the new goblins? Why haven’t I seen them?” Lin Tian angrily questioned. 
Gobu Tian lowered his head submissively. “Boss, they’re with the elves.” 
Lia had two goblin infants feeding from her, while another lay on the ground, curled up and seemingly very weak. 
“You’re back. I don’t know why, but only these three goblins survived. All the others were stillborn or died shortly after birth,” Lia said, her eyes full of sorrow, as if she were looking at her own children. 
Lin Tian, though still unsure, comforted her first. “I see, thank you for your hard work, Lia.” 
“Hahahaha! Disgusting goblins, you still think you can raise powerful offspring? What brainless fools!” Loder mocked at this moment. 
His hair had grown long and his beard scruffy, hanging his head while being tied to a stone, looking particularly miserable. 
But his mouth was still as sharp as ever. 
Lin Tian narrowed his eyes slightly and asked, “It seems you know why?” 
Loder snorted coldly. “The higher the tier of the goblin, the harder it is for its offspring to survive. If it were as easy as you think, goblins would have already taken over the world with their breeding capabilities!” 
“So that’s how it is. So you knew this from the start but kept quiet, causing my elf ladies to suffer needlessly.” 
Lin Tian’s expression grew increasingly cold and frightening. 
He turned to signal Gobu Kuang and the others. 
Loder suddenly raised his head, his face twisted with rage. “Come on, you beasts! I’m not afraid anymore! Bring it on!!!” 
“Oh? Then let’s change the game. You lot, come over here.” 
Lin Tian beckoned a few goblins and whispered softly in their ears. 
The goblins looked aggrieved and reluctant. “Boss, doing this is too…” 
“Don’t want to do it? Do you want to die instead?” Lin Tian threatened. 
They could all sense that Lin Tian had returned stronger and more formidable! 
Terrified, they complied immediately, approaching the bound Loder and leading him into a hut. 
Lin Tian smiled benevolently. “Goodbye. Enjoy your time.” 
“You!” 
“Get away! Disgusting beasts! Don’t touch me! Don’t kiss me!” 
“Oh, mother! I was wrong! I don’t want to be with a disgusting male goblin!” 
“Follow the boss’s orders and let me bear your children!” 
In the hut, instead of screams, there were the sounds of a man’s embarrassed and angry voice. 
At this moment, Lia’s sorrowful voice sounded. “Lin Tian, another goblin infant isn’t going to make it.” 
Lin Tian looked over and, indeed, the goblin infant on the ground had died. 
Fortunately, the two feeding seemed healthy. 
Producing only two every month, with just the potential to evolve into hero-tier, would still take a long time to evolve. 
Even spending a whole year would not produce many hero-tier goblins. 
It wouldn’t even be enough to eliminate the current batch. 
There was only one way—to capture more breeding tools. 
Thirty elves were too few. 
But at this critical moment, capturing villagers from surrounding villages would be like courting death. 
If discovered, they would certainly go to Bright Town for help, and then they would be besieged immediately. 
Currently, averaging three surviving per month would yield only about thirty in a year. 
Thirty hero-tier goblins were still not enough to fight against the Sword Saintess and her allies, with no chance of victory. 
There was only one solution. 
Thoroughly evolve this batch into hero-tier goblins. 
And the dragon they brought would be the best source of potential. 
“Line up! Today the boss lets you play with something special!” 
Lin Tian walked to the resting wyvern, stroking her smooth skin. “Good girl, all this food is for you. Enjoy.” 
Then, several goblins brought a large amount of wild boar, deer, and even magical beasts. 
Seeing this, the wyvern immediately began devouring them. 
Taking advantage of this moment, Lin Tian ordered the goblins to start working without delay. 
A day and night passed. 
The wyvern lay on the ground exhausted, panting heavily. 
Lin Tian was surprised that she did not resist. It seemed that not only the Purple-Gold Dragon Mother but other dragons were also in their breeding season. 
But first, the Purple-Gold Dragon Mother’s needs had to be met. 
“You’ve been holding back for a long time, haven’t you? Good girl, you can eat all this meat.” 
Lin Tian ordered more meat to be brought. 
The other goblins were invigorated, extremely excited. 
It was as if they had gained dragon power within them, very thrilling. 
“Long live the boss! Mating with a dragon is legendary in the goblin world!” 
“Hahaha! I have a feeling I can evolve!” 
“Indeed, it feels like I can evolve into something big soon!” 
Lin Tian commanded them all to enter the enchanted forest and start an unrestricted slaughter, sparing no living creature they encountered. 
Only this way could they level up faster. 
The sooner they evolved into hero-tier goblins, the better. 
Today. 
Loder’s eyes no longer held defiance. Looking at Lin Tian, they were filled with fear and trembling! 
This goblin was too perverse! 
Powerful beyond human understanding! 
He was actually going to create a tribe of hero-tier goblins! 
A single hero-tier goblin could lead a medium-sized goblin tribe. What was the concept of having over a hundred? 
It was enough to contend with an entire city. 
… 
Banging a dragon is crazy. 
… 
Discord (announcements and updates!)? <a href="https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC">https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC</a> 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 23: Battle Against the Silver Blade Knight Regiment 
TL: Sungmin 
Immediately, Lin Tian needed to enhance his strength; otherwise, facing a group of hero-level goblins, he might not be able to establish his authority. 
Ever since mating with the wyvern he brought, his attributes had grown. 
Health: 1200, Strength: 320, Defense: 400. 
The transformation of his qualities was better than expected. He didn’t need to spend time evolving to obtain attributes that other goblins would have after evolution. 
“System, open the system store.” 
Over this period, he had accumulated nearly two hundred life points, which could be obtained not only through the life simulation. 
Gaining new achievement titles also increased life points. 
[Iron Sword: 5 points 
Experience Fruit: 1 point 
Low-level Recovery Potion: 1 point 
Low-level Potential Fruit: 1 point, consuming it randomly increases an attribute by one point] 
These were all low-level items. 
Lin Tian carefully observed; there was nothing useful among the low-level items. 
Even the skills available for exchange were useless. 
He then looked at the slightly better quality and more expensive section. 
[Excellent Iron Sword: 10 points 
Large Experience Fruit: 5 points 
Mid-level Recovery Potion: 5 points] 
Seeing this, Lin Tian couldn’t help but complain, “This is just like a mindless game from ten years ago. The player fights small lobsters at level 1, giant lobsters at level 10, rainbow lobsters at level 50, and supreme god-demon lobsters at level 100. Damn, let’s look at the high-level items.” 
In the high-quality section, it was mainly divided into ‘Equipment,’ ‘Skills,’ ‘Items,’ and ‘Others.’ 
Based on Lin Tian’s current attributes, he wasn’t weak, quite strong actually. 
But he didn’t have a handy weapon or a powerful skill. 
Fighting would be tough. 
With 180 life points, he could probably exchange for something. 
He first checked the equipment section. 
[Flame Longsword: 50 points, enchanted with fire element, causing fire damage upon attack.] 
[Magic Sword: 70 points, inscribed with ancient runes, can absorb and store some magical attacks and then release them.] 
[Elemental Hand Crossbow: 80 points, capable of absorbing elemental power and firing elemental arrows. Usable elements: water, fire, wind, lightning, poison.] 
Looking at these weapons, Lin Tian pondered. 
The Flame Sword was the cheapest but not very useful. 
The Magic Sword had a good cost-performance ratio, but for Lin Tian’s small build, wielding a sword against a mage? 
Unrealistic. 
Moreover, the Sword Saintess mainly used physical attacks. 
The best choice, which also suited Lin Tian’s wallet, was the Elemental Hand Crossbow. 
Small in size, it could be equipped, though a bit expensive, but no need to look at more expensive ones. 
The key was its long-range attack, very suitable for stealthy actions. 
He clicked to exchange. 
Immediately, the Elemental Hand Crossbow appeared in the system warehouse. 
He could retrieve it anytime he wanted. 
But Lin Tian didn’t hurry and instead checked the ‘Skills’ section. 
This section mainly had high-tier skills. 
He had a hundred life points left. 
He could barely exchange for a high-tier one, but super-tier and above were out of the question. 
[No-Blade Capture: 80 points, triumph without a blade, can catch the enemy’s weapon attacks barehanded three times.] 
[Necromancer’s Call: 100 points, summons nearby souls for use, lasting 180 seconds, useful in large-scale battles.] 
[Boiling Blood: 100 points, increases attack power, becoming stronger the longer the battle, maxing out at triple the attack power, lasting 10 minutes, but drastically reducing attack power for 3 minutes afterward.] 
These skills all looked good. 
Especially the Necromancer’s Call, which could double the forces, though for a short duration, it could turn the tide. 
But it clearly required a lot of magic power. 
Most species in this world had some magic, but Lin Tian wasn’t suitable to be a mage now and hadn’t even touched it yet. 
Boiling Blood was decent, neither too good nor too bad. 
Very useful in single combat. 
Ultimately, he chose No-Blade Capture. 
A life-saving skill, so it was. 
“Exchange successful! Skill has been issued to the warehouse.” 
Lin Tian looked at the remaining 20 life points. What could he do with these? 
Save them? 
They were far from the super-tier skill he wanted, which needed 300 points. 
[Evil God’s Blessing: 300 points, can summon a puppet of the Evil God equivalent to a sixth-tier monster to protect the user, which will not disappear until killed.] 
With this skill, his power would significantly increase. 
Unfortunately, he lacked enough life points. 
Even if he used them, there was nothing worth exchanging for. 
Lin Tian couldn’t help but ask, “System, besides gaining one point per day and the life simulation, is there any other way to get life points?” 
“The host can also earn life points by completing tasks issued by the system. The tasks are random and usually appear when making significant life decisions.” 
Hearing this, Lin Tian had no other options, so he decided to save the remaining 20 points. 
He opened the system warehouse and retrieved No-Blade Capture and the Elemental Hand Crossbow. 
He instantly learned the No-Blade Capture skill. 
In his hand, he now held the Elemental Hand Crossbow. 
He then equipped it on his left hand. 
It was about 30 centimeters long, very small, resembling a standard hand crossbow, but with two green, infusion tube-like things inserted into Lin Tian’s arm. 
Being a magical tool, it needed to connect to the body. 
When his hand approached various elements, the crossbow could charge. 
Since there were no elements nearby, Lin Tian secreted his own toxins, allowing the crossbow to absorb them. 
“Let’s find a target. How about that guy?” 
Lin Tian locked his gaze on the bound Loder, raised his left hand, and surprisingly noticed a targeting icon! 
Just like in a shooting game. 
Aim, shoot! 
“Ah! Who! Who’s attacking me?” 
Loder, who was sleeping, screamed in pain, cursing but unable to find anyone. 
The next second, his face changed drastically, “Body? Paralyzed? Damn goblins!” 
He couldn’t mistake this familiar feeling; it was the goblin’s paralyzing toxin. 
Lin Tian nodded in satisfaction, seeing the effect was good. 
After practicing for a while, he roughly understood the Elemental Hand Crossbow’s capabilities. 
Its range was 300 meters, not very far, but extremely accurate. 
It could store up to 50 shots, which could be evenly distributed among elements, ten shots each, or more for a specific element. 
Without access to more elements, he primarily stored poison elements. 
Long-range paralysis was quite useful. 
Loder clenched his teeth in anger but was also very anxious, “It’s been so long, why hasn’t the imperial family come to save me? Even if they think I’m dead, they should send someone for revenge!” 
He endured all kinds of suffering. 
Waiting for rescue. 
Otherwise, he would have bashed his head against a rock long ago. 
… 
At the same time. 
The Silver Blade Knight Regiment members were searching all over the enchanted forest. 
The female member was constantly shouting for help, hoping to attract the goblins’ attention. 
“Captain, there’s movement over there.” 
In the forest center, a third-tier demonic beast, a ‘Giant Eyed Spider,’ was wrapping up its freshly caught prey in silk. 
The Silver Blade Captain was startled, “Spider?! I fear spiders the most. You guys handle it quickly.” 
The archer in the group immediately drew his longbow and shot the cocoon down to the ground. 
Sensing something was wrong, the Giant Eyed Spider swiftly turned, its body as large as a small house, yet incredibly agile! 
Its eight long legs darted between towering trees. 
At this moment, a man stepped forward, holding a two-meter-long spear. 
He locked onto the spider darting around and suddenly threw the spear! 
“Screech!” 
The spear pinned the spider to a tree. 
The archer then shot an arrow into its head. 
Just like that, they killed a third-tier demonic beast in under three minutes. 
As expected of an elite knight regiment nurtured by the imperial family. 
“Do you think Loder might already be dead?” 
“Most likely, Count Stantmont reportedly almost fainted from rage.” 
“Forget it, let’s quickly wipe out all the goblin tribes.” 
After dealing with the spider, the Silver Blade Captain and his team continued forward.  
Sure enough, the goblins were drawn by a woman’s calls. 
The outcome was predictable. 
They easily wiped out a tribe of two hundred goblins. 
The Silver Blade Captain took out a small notebook and wrote a “1,” saying, “Clear about ten more, and we can return. Let’s keep going.” 
“These low-level, weak monsters don’t interest me at all.” 
“Then why didn’t you stay and slay the dragon earlier?” 
“I can handle a wyvern, but I don’t have the skill to slay an ancient dragon! Besides, if the ancient dragon race holds a grudge, we wouldn’t even know how we died.” 
As they chatted and laughed. 
The Silver Blade Knight Regiment had already easily wiped out five or six goblin tribes. 
At this moment, the mage, Antu, became cautious, “Wait, don’t you notice that the closer we get to the inner enchanted forest, we haven’t seen a single monster?” 
“Hiss! Now that you mention it, it does seem like that!” 
Instantly, everyone became alert. 
They could faintly smell the scent of blood in the air. 
This indicated a massacre was happening nearby. 
“Shush, shush…” 
Suddenly, there was a rustle in the bushes ahead. 
A green-skinned Big Goblin walked out, bumping right into the Silver Blade Knight Regiment. 
For a moment, the air seemed to freeze, as they looked at each other, speechless. 
“Is this a goblin? A Big Goblin?” 
Mage Antu was stunned. The goblin’s sudden appearance had caught them off guard. 
A goblin had just walked up to them. 
The Silver Blade Captain remarked, “Wow, look at this guy’s muscle definition, it could rival that bald guy from the Battle Roar Regiment!” 
At this moment, the Big Goblin was also dumbfounded. 
Roaming the enchanted forest for so long, searching for monsters to hunt, this was the first time he had encountered humans! 
A group of well-equipped humans. 
He quickly reacted, roaring, “Ah!” 
This immediately attracted the attention of other goblins nearby, who stopped what they were doing and looked towards the source of the sound. 
The Silver Blade Captain added, “Looks like we’ve found the reason why there are no monsters around here.” 
… 
Discord (announcements and updates!)? <a href="https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC">https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC</a> 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 24: ‘Forest of Despair’ 
TL: Sungmin 
Immediately, the archer drew his longbow fully, aiming an arrow at the goblin’s heart! 
The arrow bounced off. 
“It even has iron armor? How is that possible?” A man exclaimed in surprise. 
The Silver Blade Captain, however, was not too surprised, “Perhaps it killed a human and took the iron armor. Nothing to be shocked about.” 
Seeing the bow and arrow were ineffective, the spearman began to gather strength! 
He suddenly hurled his spear! 
“Whoosh!” 
The sound of it tearing through the air was deafening. 
The goblin was directly pierced and pinned to a large tree behind it. 
“Easy kill.” 
The spearman said proudly, looking very disdainful. 
But then, the goblin moved! It slowly pulled out the spear embedded in its body. 
This scene shocked everyone. 
The spearman couldn’t believe it, “How is this possible?! My attack can kill a third-tier monster! A mere goblin? Even a big goblin should be dead!” 
He had killed many big goblins before. 
This was the first time his full-strength attack failed to kill one. 
“Something is off. Antu, hit it with a spell to finish it.” The Silver Blade Captain ordered, frowning. 
The mage started chanting, but a terrifying roar interrupted him. 
“Roar!” 
The roar of the big goblin echoed through the forest, causing birds to flee in panic! 
There were movements all around. 
One, two, three! 
One after another, big goblins equipped with iron armor and swords appeared! 
Antu was at a loss, “Damn, there are forty or fifty of them! Captain!” 
“There are more. Look above. I spotted goblin assassins! What kind of goblin tribe did we provoke?” 
The Silver Blade Captain dismounted, drawing a silver longsword engraved with holy runes. 
The runes dealt extra damage to monsters. 
He joked, “Do you think we can handle this? If not, we can retreat.” 
“Hmph, it’s just a group of big goblins. We can handle it.” 
The spearman said confidently. 
The others stayed silent, remaining very vigilant. 
But it wasn’t over. 
The ground started to shake. 
A massive entity was approaching, each step causing blood pressure to rise and hearts to race! 
“Crack! Crack!” 
In the distance, towering trees were falling and leaning. 
The Silver Blade Captain and his men swallowed hard, “It’s coming!” 
Four scarlet eyes glowed ominously in the darkness, slowly approaching. 
The height of those eyes indicated a massive creature, two to three meters tall! 
They finally saw it clearly. 
A large, gray goblin with green spots, bulging muscles, and a head much smaller compared to its body. 
It had four arms! 
It carried a longsword, a large beast’s fang, and even a spear. 
The other goblins made way for it! 
It was Gobu Kuang! 
The hulking goblin had evolved into a hero variant! A powerful goblin! 
“Is he the leader of these goblins? Quite intimidating.” 
The Silver Blade Captain tightened his grip on his longsword. 
The spearman took two spears from his horse, “A hero variant with four arms, I’ll take him on first! Mid-tier Martial Skill: Storm Spear!” 
He immediately hurled a spear! 
It was a skill-powered attack! 
The spear whistled through the air, aimed straight at Gobu Kuang’s head. 
Gobu Kuang caught the spear with one hand and threw it back! 
At that moment, the other goblins attacked simultaneously! 
They aimed to tear the humans apart. 
The spearman’s pupils contracted. He had a premonition he couldn’t dodge the returning spear, so he quickly sidestepped. 
The next second, his brown horse was pierced and pinned to a tree like a roasted lamb. 
“Damn it!” 
Watching his beloved horse die, the spearman was enraged! He began his attack!  
“Mid-tier Martial Skill: Hurricane Spear!” 
He enchanted his spear, each swing releasing powerful gusts. 
It could push back big goblins. 
But it was ineffective against Gobu Kuang. The four-armed goblin opened his arms and struck at the Silver Blade Captain with his longsword and the giant tooth. 
Each clash of their weapons sent shocks through the captain’s arms! 
“Impossible! Does a hero variant have such monstrous strength?” 
Sweat began to bead on the Silver Blade Captain’s forehead. 
Seeing he was unable to break free, the archer in the distance fully drew her bow and activated a skill, “Mid-tier Archery: Power Shot!” 
If this hit the head, even a hero variant should fall! 
However, it required thirty seconds to charge, hence the name “Power Shot.” 
Unbeknownst to her, a small figure was slowly approaching. 
“Splurt!” 
A sharp claw viciously pierced the female archer’s abdomen! Dragging her away swiftly! 
“Damn it! Dimi got ambushed! I told you there were goblin assassins! Why didn’t you pay attention?!” 
The Silver Blade Captain roared angrily, wanting to chase but was entangled, unable to break free. 
The others were in the same situation. 
Mage Antu’s face showed panic, “Captain, didn’t you notice something’s wrong? These goblins are unusually tough! It’s been so long and we still haven’t killed one!” 
“You think I don’t know? This is insane!” 
The spearman cursed. He was already injured but had only managed to kill one goblin. 
In the distance. 
The goblin that had grabbed Dimi finally revealed itself. 
Unlike the goblin assassins, it was even shorter than a low-level goblin! 
About the size of a pet dog. 
Its entire body was black-purple. 
Naked, grotesque, with eyes so large they nearly took up its entire face, resembling an alien. 
Both its feet and clawed hands were exceptionally sharp. Despite its small size, it was incredibly strong, effortlessly dragging a much larger human while running swiftly. 
“Hehehehehehehehe!” 
It laughed sinisterly while running. 
This was Gobu Tian, who had evolved into a hero variant! The Dark Goblin. 
A ghostly presence. 
It then ran up a tree, carrying the female archer. Even without using its hands, it easily reached the treetop. 
And hung her on a branch. 
Using the blood hole in her abdomen, impaling her on the branch. 
“Ahhh! It hurts! Someone save me, Captain, Sword Saintess! Cough, cough!” 
Dimi screamed in agony, blood continuously gushing from her mouth, choking her. 
Seeing the grotesque Gobu Tian nearby, she screamed in horror, “Ghost! Monster!” 
But screaming caused her abdominal pain to almost make her faint! 
“My intestines are torn, liver and lungs punctured, my stomach feels like it’s falling out. I don’t want to die. I want to go home and eat my mom’s pumpkin pie, boohoo…” 
Despair and terror overwhelmed her mind, everything happened so suddenly, as if she had fallen into hell instantly. 
The memory of her mom’s pumpkin pie was the only thing she could think of that gave her a sense of security. 
But, it was merely a deathbed hallucination. 
… 
Back in the forest battle. 
Everyone was injured, no matter how much they roared or struggled, it was futile. 
The Silver Blade Captain could only fight Gobu Kuang with all his might, unable to care for the situation behind him. 
He got stabbed twice. 
The severe pain rendered him powerless, as Gobu Kuang grabbed him. 
The remaining members were also gravely wounded, caught by Gobu Kuang, unable to break free. 
The spearman’s hands trembled with fear, “No, I need to get reinforcements!” 
With the team captured and Dimi’s fate unknown, continuing to fight was meaningless. He turned to flee. 
Suddenly! 
A grotesque creature hung upside down from a treetop, its two abyssal black eyes staring at him. 
He staggered in fright. 
It was Gobu Tian. 
The spearman forced himself to keep running, but Gobu Tian climbed onto his back, tearing at him, shredding his iron armor and ripping chunks of flesh away! 
Fueled by adrenaline, the spearman ignored the pain and charged forward! 
Then suddenly, he felt his left foot lose balance and fell to the ground. 
Seeing clearly, he screamed in horror, “Ahhh! My foot! Where’s my foot?!” 
Following the blood trail, he saw his severed foot ahead, being picked up and gnawed on by a goblin assassin! 
“Hell! This is hell!” 
Luckily, Gobu Tian was thrown off. The spearman activated a high-tier skill, “Wind God! Take me away! Wind’s Blessing!” 
A violent windstorm erupted in the forest! 
A whirlwind swept the spearman into the air, rapidly leaving the enchanted forest. 
During this time, he saw a horrific scene, “Ahhh! Dimi!” 
Her gruesome death nearly broke him. 
“He escaped.” 
Looking up, Gobu Kuang said calmly. 
Gobu Tian returned with Dimi’s corpse, saying, “Kekeke, let’s go! We need to report back to the boss!” 
The remaining goblins danced and cheered. 
It was almost becoming goblin corporate culture. 
In this battle, only three goblin warriors and one goblin assassin were lost. 
The loss was minimal. 
In the Tian Kuang Tribe, Lin Tian watched the forest, hearing the commotion from afar but unclear about what happened. 
Loder’s face was full of pride, “It must be the Sword Saintess coming to rescue me! The imperial family will surely send someone too! Your death is near! Hahaha! Hahaha! My time has come! My time has come!” 
His voice was almost hysterical. 
The wait had been too long, the torment too painful! 
He was like Fan Jin passing the imperial exam. 
Lin Tian also felt doubtful, ready to flee with Gobu Yue at any moment. The others could die, but Loder had to be killed before leaving. 
Ifreya had been successfully brainwashed and could be spared for some fun. 
But when he saw the group of goblins returning, his heart finally eased a bit. 
He almost thought the madwoman Sword Saintess had come. 
Seeing Gobu Tian and Gobu Kuang’s appearance, he was pleasantly surprised. 
Gobu Kuang held four people, with Gobu Tian perched on his shoulder, leading dozens of big goblins back. 
“Oh? They captured so many people? Wait! Isn’t their presence a bit too intense?” 
Lin Tian was happy but suddenly felt pressure! 
He almost forgot they had evolved into hero variants! Could they possibly turn on him? 
… 
Discord (announcements and updates!)? <a href="https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC">https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC</a> 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 25: Gobu Tian’s Betrayal! 
TL: Sungmin 
From a distance, even Loder felt an inexplicable pressure approaching. 
Gobu Yue looked at them and, unable to contain her fear, hid by Lin Tian’s side. 
“Goblin heroes! Lin Tian, are you still confident in being their leader?” Seeing this, Lia spoke fearfully. 
Having finally gained Lin Tian’s trust, if Lin Tian were killed, their fates would be obvious. 
“Boss! We caught some humans!” 
At this moment, Gobu Kuang triumphantly lifted the Silver Blade Captain and waved happily. 
Lin Tian did not panic; instead, he appeared very calm, “Well done. I’ll reward you later.” 
“Hahaha!” Gobu Kuang laughed heartily. 
However, Gobu Tian, with his deep, hollow, pitch-black eyes, stared intently at Lin Tian without speaking. 
It seemed as if he was contemplating something. 
“Impossible! Silver Blade Captain, Antu! How did you get caught too?!” 
Seeing the captured individuals, Loder felt his heart sink. 
The Silver Blade Captain showed a slight tremor, “Loder? You’re still alive! I’m sorry, we failed the Count’s orders. These goblins are too strong. We’re no match for them unless the Sword Saintess comes in person!” 
As he spoke, his eyes trembled! 
They were no match at all—seven people, two dead, one escaped. 
The rest were severely injured. 
“You couldn’t even defeat two hero variants? Antu is dead? And Cain too. What about Dimi?!” 
Loder saw the bodies being dragged by the goblins and felt on the verge of collapse. 
Because the three knight regiments sent this time were all trained by the Stantmont family. 
So, Dimi was his childhood friend. 
At this moment, a goblin threw down a horribly mangled corpse. 
The eyes were wide open, clearly tortured in pain. 
But there was still a faint breath left, mumbling, “Pumpkin pie, pumpkin pie, Loder… Your Highness? Are you here for pumpkin pie too…” 
With that, he could no longer hold on. 
“Ahhhh!!! Kill them! Kill these damn, vile goblins! I’ll ask the emperor to send troops!!!” 
Loder struggled madly, veins bulging! His face twisted into a mess! 
His eyes seemed about to burst, bloodshot. 
The Silver Blade Captain was also deeply aggrieved, but defeat was defeat, “Your Highness, we were incompetent, sorry! But one member escaped back. I believe the Sword Saintess will come to rescue us!” 
“Why hasn’t that wretched Alicenia come! Has she forgotten she’s the Holy Sword protecting the Lionheart Empire?!” 
Loder was furious, directly venting his anger on the Sword Saintess. 
After all the suffering, not only had they not been saved, but his childhood friend died so horribly. 
The accumulated emotions exploded at this moment. 
He even felt as if he could die at any moment. 
The Silver Blade Captain lowered his head helplessly, “Your Highness, don’t be like this. The Sword Saintess is concerned about the safety of the residents of Bright Town and hasn’t neglected her duties for a moment!” 
“To hell with Bright Town! Those bastards, if it weren’t for them, would I be in this situation?! They’re all damned!!!” Loder continued to shout. 
The members of the Silver Blade said nothing more, understanding his feelings. 
Now, they could only hope the Sword Saintess would come to their rescue. 
At this moment, Lin Tian said, “Tie those people up first. Don’t kill them yet. I have some questions.” 
But the goblins behind him did not move. 
All eyes turned to Gobu Kuang. 
To them, he now held more authority. 
However, the naturally dim-witted Gobu Kuang was the first to start working, tying up the paralyzed individuals. 
Lin Tian also noticed something; these goblins had started to defy him. 
“Hahahaha!” Suddenly, Loder let out a strange laugh. 
His messy hair revealed a pair of ferocious eyes staring at Lin Tian, “Retribution is inevitable! You won’t remain a leader for long! I’ll watch them tear you apart! Eat you alive!” 
The Silver Blade Captain still didn’t understand, “What? That hero variant isn’t their leader? This small goblin???” 
“You should worry about yourselves.” Lin Tian replied. 
He then checked the attributes of Gobu Tian and Gobu Kuang. 
[Gobu Tian: Lv50<br/>
Race: Goblin<br/>
Profession: Dark Assassin<br/>
Title: Elf’s Child, God’s Blessing, Keen Hunter, Hero’s Strength, Death God in Darkness, Monster Slayer,…<br/>
Health: 670<br/>
Strength: 230<br/>
Defense: 140<br/>
Skills: Razor Hands, Ghostly Presence, Spectral Stealth, Phantom Form,…<br/>
Equipment: None<br/>
Overall: 1200] 
[Gobu Kuang: Lv50<br/>
Race: Goblin<br/>
Profession: Four-Armed Warrior<br/>
Title: Innate Strength, Dominance, Hero’s Strength, God’s Blessing, Monster Slayer, Elf’s Child,…<br/>
Health: 1000<br/>
Strength: 340<br/>
Defense: 280<br/>
Skills: Frenzied Power, Mountain Shatter, Strong Shield, Magic Resistance, …<br/>
Equipment: None<br/>
Overall: 1100] 
Looking at these two, Lin Tian felt quite satisfied. 
Goblins, compared to humans, had higher attributes, but their overall combat power was much lower. 
Humans excelled in group battles, techniques, equipment, and skills. 
Of course, there were exceptions, such as Dark Goblins. 
“So that’s how it is. Gobu Tian, that kid, has become quite arrogant, reaching an overall combat power of 1200.” Lin Tian muttered to himself, slowly walking towards the bonfire. 
He reached out to absorb the fire elemental energy. 
“What is he doing? Absorbing flames? Is he a mutant variant?” The Silver Blade Captain exclaimed in surprise. 
But no one could explain it. 
Lin Tian looked at Gobu Tian, “Gobu Tian, feed that wyvern.” 
From a distance, Gobu Tian, who was perched on a rock, moved slightly, hesitated for a while, and then started to act. 
He behaved like a rebellious five or six-year-old child. 
Taking advantage of the moment he turned around, Lin Tian pulled out the Elemental Hand Crossbow, which he had been charging for a long time, and fired! 
“Whoosh!” 
A fist-sized fireball shot out on the spot! 
It was unavoidable! 
Gobu Tian was hit and thrown more than ten meters away. This scene left everyone, including the goblins, stunned! 
“The boss is fighting Gobu Tian!” 
“Fight! Fight! Fight!” 
“Gobu Tian, show him who the real boss is!” 
As these words were spoken, Lin Tian glanced at the goblin who had spoken. 
But he didn’t deal with it immediately because Gobu Tian had disappeared. 
“Hmph, the blessing of darkness, huh? It’s indeed your playground at night, a skill that allows you to become completely invisible.” 
Lin Tian’s lips curled slightly, both in praise and disdain. 
At this moment, Gobu Tian, like a lizard, quickly crawled on the ground, leaping onto the shed and then onto a tree trunk outside. 
His eyes were fixed on Lin Tian, waiting for an opportunity to strike. 
When he reached Lin Tian’s back, he pounced suddenly! 
The sharp claws were enough to tear any flesh and blood apart! 
“Got you…” 
Lin Tian said unexpectedly, turning around and launching an attack! 
He fired three fire arrows at his back. 
Playing agility games with him? He had acquired the Elven skill, Keen Eye! 
Back then, no one else ate the elf’s corpse; the other goblins were all thinking about mating, so only he acquired this skill. 
Gobu Tian never expected it and couldn’t avoid it, being knocked to the ground instantly. 
His body was burning with flames, barely breathing and unable to move. 
One of the three arrows was a poison elemental arrow. 
The egg-sized attack was a charged shot, highly damaging but slower. 
The normal ones were arrow-shaped, very fast and almost unavoidable. 
The Silver Blade Captain was incredulous, “What did that guy fire to instantly kill this monster?” 
They had suffered miserably at Gobu Tian’s hands. 
Dimi had died horribly. 
And this small goblin before them, what kind of terrifying existence was he? 
It was hard to imagine their target this time was really a goblin tribe? It was too abnormal! 
“Boss, I surrender, I was wrong!” 
Gobu Tian twisted and struggled on the ground a few times, realizing it was useless, and quickly begged for mercy. 
The other goblins were stunned, never expecting Gobu Tian to lose! 
But a few loyal goblins cheered, dancing around. 
Then, Lin Tian slowly walked towards Gobu Tian, stepping on his head, “Gobu Tian, after all the time and effort I spent training you, you dare to rebel against me?” 
“Boss, please spare me for capturing so many humans for you! I’m your son!” 
Tears dripped from Gobu Tian’s large black eyes. 
It was the first time the Silver Blade Captain had seen a goblin cry, let alone say the word “son”! 
They hadn’t expected the intelligence of a hero variant to be so high! 
At least the level of a teenager. 
Lin Tian showed a loving smile, “Child, my precious child, of course, Daddy will forgive you. But first, go meet your other siblings.” 
With that, he drew a finely crafted short sword from his waist. 
And stabbed it through his head! 
Brains splattered! 
To him, what child? Nonsense. Betrayal was betrayal, with no moral considerations. 
Though common and inevitable among goblin tribes, how to deal with it was up to the leaders, like Lin Tian. 
“Hiss!” 
At this moment, all the goblins were frightened, not daring to breathe loudly. 
Even Loder couldn’t believe it, “You–you’re terrifying, killing a rare hero variant just like that?” 
“Hmph, it’s not over yet.” 
Lin Tian, holding his sword, slowly approached a big goblin, his eyes full of killing intent! 
“Slash!” 
On the spot, the head was severed! 
And he continued to kill seven more big goblins! 
Four of them were goblin assassins closely associated with Gobu Tian. 
“From today on, anyone who wants to challenge me can come forward, but the only outcome for the loser is death! And the followers of the loser will also die!” 
Lin Tian wiped the blood from his sword, speaking coldly. 
This time, the goblins did not cheer but were terrified, too afraid to move! 
The effect pleased Lin Tian, and he proceeded to eat some of Gobu Tian’s corpse. 
He gained a new skill, ‘Blessing of Darkness,’ which allowed near invisibility in dark environments, detectable only by particularly keen eyes. 
But it was limited to darkness. 
If exposed to light, he couldn’t stay invisible. 
Though other skills were also good, the Dark Goblin was too small to eat it all at once. 
He had to cultivate another Dark Goblin. 
“You, come here. You will be called Gobu Tian now.” 
Lin Tian called over a goblin assassin he had observed for a long time, relatively honest, and who had stood by him earlier. 
Gobu Tian hesitated, “Boss, I am loyal to you. Please don’t kill me.” 
“Who said I would kill you? Eat, eat him, and those others too!” Lin Tian commanded. 
Gobu Tian hesitated but then understood, starting to devour the former Gobu Tian’s corpse. 
A level 50 corpse: consuming it increased his experience significantly. 
And Gobu Tian gained all the skills. 
Then he ate the other big goblins’ bodies, but he was still only level 47. 
Lin Tian glanced, “Eat those two human corpses as well.” 
“Don’t you dare!!!” Loder shouted again. 
But it was futile rage, as he could only watch Gobu Tian eat the corpses. 
Finally, the goblin assassin began to evolve. 
Shedding layers of skin, he evolved into a form similar to the former Gobu Tian. 
“Boss! I’ve evolved!” 
Gobu Tian, overjoyed, knelt before Lin Tian, waiting for him to touch his head. 
This was a gesture of submission among goblins. 
Lin Tian patted his head, “Go now, scout the surroundings and ensure no one sneaks in.” 
“Your Highness Loder, what kind of monster have you provoked? He feels more like a cunning strategist than Gobu Kuang! A monster that even an empire would fear!” The Silver Blade Captain said in terror. 
This time, they were truly doomed. 
Lin Tian looked at them, these so-called Imperial Knights seemed quite weak. 
… 
Discord (announcements and updates!)? <a href="https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC">https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC</a> 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 26: Death God · Kasimov 
TL: Sungmin 
[Andersis: Lv53<br/>
Race: Human<br/>
Profession: Imperial Knight<br/>
Title: Defender of the Homeland, Honor Knight, Charismatic Leader, …<br/>
Health: 930<br/>
Strength: 240<br/>
Defense: 287<br/>
Skills: Silver Light Slash, Sword Resonance, Sword Dance, Power of Glory, …<br/>
Equipment: Fine Silver Armor, Fine Alloy Longsword, Cloak<br/>
Overall: 1000] 
Although his attributes were not bad. 
Overall, he was only slightly stronger than Loder at level forty-something. After all, Loder was of imperial blood and a disciple of the Sword Saintess. 
His skills were quite ordinary, indicating he was just an ordinary knight commander. 
Lin Tian thought he was a formidable enemy. 
The others had power levels around 900. 
The upgraded second-generation elite goblins each had strength around 700. 
Being surrounded by them, it was already impressive to last three minutes. 
Currently, Lin Tian’s power level was at 1500. He had perfectly mastered the skills of the Elemental Hand Crossbow and No-Blade Capture. 
His strength had surged quickly. 
“Hmph, relying on these useless people to save you? Loder, it seems you are too naive.” Lin Tian couldn’t help but mock. 
The Silver Blade Captain lowered his head, sighed, and said, “Indeed, we were too naive. From our brief encounter, I realized you are an extremely terrifying opponent! If left unchecked, you will be a disaster for the Empire. 
But fortunately, the Sword Saintess will definitely come to deal with you. She is the Empire’s Holy Sword of Protection, and she will cut down you monsters!” 
The other team members also said, “That’s right, the Sword Saintess will soon come to sweep you away!” 
“Still a little fanboy of hers?” 
Lin Tian found it somewhat amusing and glanced at the remaining few people. 
He drew the short sword from his waist. 
The Silver Blade Captain tensed up, “You, what are you going to do? Wait! Stop!” 
“Swish!” 
On the spot, Lin Tian started bleeding one of the humans. 
“Zzzz!” 
The moment the neck artery ruptured, blood spurted ten meters away! 
He marveled at the heart, this miraculous pump! 
“Ahh, Captain, save me, I can’t breathe…” 
The human spoke in pain, soon falling into shock from blood loss. 
Lin Tian then called over the highest-level elite goblin, also a goblin assassin, and had him devour the human’s flesh and blood to level up quickly. 
After devouring it all, the goblin reached level 48. 
Still two levels short. 
Lin Tian continued, killing two more people as if slaughtering chickens and dogs. 
Unfortunately, he didn’t even gain one level. 
The experience requirement was getting higher and higher. He estimated he would need to devour seven or eight level 40-50 people to evolve into an elite. 
Goblins, as long as they had sufficient aptitude, evolved at levels 30, 50, 70, 90, and 100. 
But there were also cases of evolution failure. 
Watching his team members die one by one, the gap between the Silver Blade Captain and Loder became very clear. 
He was very calm, not yelling or screaming. 
After all, he had been on the Imperial battlefield, accustomed to life and death. 
He simply said, “It’s a pity, Sword Saintess, they ultimately couldn’t hold on until you came to rescue.” 
Reality differed from games and anime. 
Falling into enemy hands, nine times out of ten, the result was death. Hope was just wishful thinking. 
This was the cruel reality. 
Lin Tian also admired the Silver Blade Captain, giving him a swift end, “Rest in peace.” 
Then, he let the goblin eat him too. 
Concentrating resources whenever possible was the best way to cultivate new hero variants. 
The creatures in the enchanted forest had been killed clean, leaving no source of experience. 
This was Lin Tian’s current biggest headache. 
“Bastard, I won’t forgive you! I definitely won’t forgive you!” 
Loder had completely lost his mind, barking like a mad dog. 
Lin Tian’s ears were getting calloused from hearing it, so he knocked him out. 
Then, he mounted the dragon and prepared to check out the situation in Bright Town. If the Sword Saintess really came, things would be dangerous. 
… 
At dawn, Bright Town was already bustling. 
The members of the Battle Roar Regiment were chatting and laughing in the tavern. They hadn’t slept all night to guard against a dragon attack. 
Early in the morning, they even had a glass of whiskey to refresh themselves. 
Very fitting for the wild and bold Battle Roar Regiment members. 
“Those guys are too useless, aren’t they? Gone for so many days and still haven’t dealt with a few goblins, hahaha!” The Battle Roar Captain laughed. 
He clinked glasses as he spoke. 
At this moment. 
A strange gale rushed towards Bright Town, arriving above the town. 
“Thud!” 
Suddenly, a spear-wielding man fell from the gale, covered in blood, missing a leg, and with several broken bones from the fall. 
The townspeople were frightened out of their wits. 
They even thought it was a monster invasion and scattered in all directions. 
The spear-wielding man struggled to stay conscious, crawling forward despite his broken bones, refusing to stop. 
Eventually, he collapsed in exhaustion. 
From afar, the Sword Saintess spotted him. She leapt several steps into the town and reached his side. 
She carried him to the tavern. 
“Sword Saintess, what brings you here? Would you like a drink?” 
The Battle Roar Captain stood up quickly, but his expression changed drastically when he saw the spear-wielding man in her hands! 
Everyone hurried over to check. 
The healer immediately began casting healing spells. 
The Battle Roar Captain was incredulous, “Weren’t they going to deal with goblins? How did they end up like this!?” 
Anyone would think they had gone to slay a dragon! 
The Sword Saintess said, “I don’t know either. I saw him fall from the sky and then faint.” 
Soon. 
The spear-wielding man finally woke up, but he was still very weak. 
Everyone asked seriously, “What happened? Where are the others? How did you end up like this?” 
“Cough, cough, Sword Saintess, have you stayed up all night again? You really work hard.” 
The spear-wielding man coughed, blood and clots pouring from his throat. 
The Sword Saintess quickly took out a high-level recovery potion, intending to heal him. 
But he refused, saying, “My injuries are too severe, it’s no use. Sword Saintess, you must go save the captain and the others. They were captured by a group of goblins, including two hero variants! Dozens of elite goblins, probably from a super-large tribe. 
Moreover! Be very careful, these goblins are unusual. Each one is twice as strong as a normal goblin! Cough, cough!” 
He coughed a few more times. 
The Battle Roar Captain frowned and said, “A super-large tribe? That doesn’t make sense. Two hero variants and dozens of elites shouldn’t be able to capture them! They’re just goblins!” 
“Hey! Hey! Hold on!” 
At this point, the spear-wielding man couldn’t hold on any longer. His eyes rolled back, and he died a tragic death at dawn. 
The Sword Saintess looked at him and sighed, “After all, he was a knight of the imperial family. How did he get injured so badly? A severed leg, multiple sharp weapon wounds all over his body, even his lungs. It seems these goblins have iron weapons.” 
“Damn it, the last survivor of the Wind Spear family, and he died like this!” 
The Battle Roar Captain said angrily, looking at the spear-wielding man’s corpse with deep sorrow. 
He couldn’t believe that the Silver Blade Knight Regiment had fallen at the hands of a group of goblins! 
A group of low-level monsters that they usually wouldn’t even care about. 
Just moments ago, they were laughing and joking, and now they had been severely humiliated! 
The other team members were also puzzled, “Even with two hero variants and a group of elites, they shouldn’t have ended up like this. They didn’t even have a chance to escape.” 
“Damn it! Let’s go wipe out those damn low-level beasts!” 
The Battle Roar Captain, furious, swung his double-bladed giant axe and was about to charge out. 
But the team members stopped him, “Wait, Captain, didn’t he just say? These goblins are unusual, we can’t act rashly.” 
“To hell with that, I want to chop off all their heads and shove them up their asses!” 
The Battle Roar Captain was so angry that his fists crackled! 
At this moment, the Sword Saintess spoke, “Calm down, everyone. If you leave, I can’t protect the residents from an invasion by two ancient dragons and a large group of wyverns. There might even be a goblin sneak attack.” 
“But, Sword Saintess, are we just going to sit and wait? If we’re too late, the Silver Blade Knight Regiment will be wiped out!” 
The Battle Roar Captain sat down, frustrated and angry. 
Going was not an option, nor was staying. 
The Sword Saintess was also in a difficult position, finally saying, “You should hurry back to the capital and bring more reinforcements. Then, I will personally slaughter those goblins and dragons! All you need to do is guard Bright Town.” 
“But, if we do that, won’t the Silver Blade Knight Regiment be…” 
The Battle Roar Captain still wanted to say something. 
A team member stopped him, “Do you think they still have a chance of being alive? The condition of the man who returned proves it.” 
The spear-wielding man couldn’t even survive the escape. 
If captured, some goblins had probably already digested the others and excreted them. 
Hearing this, the Battle Roar Captain finally calmed down, “Sigh, alright, let’s do that.” 
“For now, leave the rescue of the Silver Blade Knight Regiment to me.” Suddenly, a cold voice spoke. 
The speaker was Kasimov, the leader of the Death Knight Regiment. 
The only survivor of the Battle of Death Valley. 
His strength far exceeded that of the other leaders. 
The Sword Saintess looked at him and said, “Are you sure you want to go alone? An entire knight regiment was defeated.” 
“In Death Valley, I faced four Titan warriors alone and survived. A group of goblins, even if I can’t defeat them, they can’t harm me.” 
Kasimov said, taking off his pitch-black helmet. 
Everyone was shocked when they saw his true face! 
No hair, full of burn scars, crisscrossed with knife scars on his face. 
He looked like a terrifying monster, unimaginable what kind of battles he had survived. 
The Battle Roar Captain laughed, “Hahaha! I knew you wouldn’t let us down! But to boast in front of the Sword Saintess, you’re too arrogant!” 
“I wouldn’t dare compare myself to the Sword Saintess, but dealing with trash like you is easy.” Kasimov said disdainfully. 
The Battle Roar Captain was so angry he wanted to rush over and punch him. 
But his team members held him back. 
Then, without wasting time, Kasimov mounted his horse and headed deep into the enchanted forest. 
Not far outside Bright Town, on a high mountain, Lin Tian was observing while riding a bipedal dragon. 
[Kasimov: Lv60<br/>
Race: Human<br/>
Profession: Desperate Knight (gains a 30% attribute buff when alone)<br/>
Title: Survivor of Desperation, Kingdom Protector, Honor Knight, Bearer of Mission, …<br/>
Health: 800<br/>
Strength: 310<br/>
Defense: 303<br/>
Skills: Death Roar, Grim Reaper’s Harvest, Knight’s Glory, …<br/>
Equipment: Black Iron Armor, Black Iron Longsword, Black Cloak<br/>
Overall: 1300] 
From a distance, Lin Tian understood, “Hmph, this strength is not bad, but thinking he can wipe us out alone? Isn’t that too naive?” 
… 
Discord (announcements and updates!)? <a href="https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC">https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC</a> 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 27: Naming, Gobu Shan 
TL: Sungmin 
Then, he rode the dragon and returned first. 
“Hmm?” 
Kasimov looked up into the distance, sensing something pass by, but saw nothing. 
Lin Tian flew at low altitude to avoid being exposed. 
Upon returning to the tribe, he started thinking of ways to capture that guy. Level 60, not weak at all, and a big bundle of experience. 
If he devoured him, he’d be one step closer to cultivating a new hero variant. 
“Do you know a man named Kasimov? He’s here, coming to die.” Lin Tian walked up to Loder and said. 
Upon hearing this, Loder was overjoyed, “Hahaha! I didn’t expect him to come too! Finally, we are saved! You will all die! He is someone who has taken down several Titan Warriors alone!” 
“What are Titan Warriors?” 
Lin Tian asked in confusion. 
Loder did not hold back and explained, “They are special warriors cultivated by an enemy nation using Titan genes. Their physical qualities are extremely strong, capable of tearing apart fifth-tier monsters with their bare hands.” 
“In that case, Kasimov indeed has some skills.” 
Lin Tian pondered. He couldn’t fall into that guy’s hands and had to minimize casualties. 
Ideally, zero casualties. 
Every goblin in this tribe had been painstakingly nurtured. 
Loder kept laughing proudly on the side, incessantly saying that they were all doomed and would all die. 
Lin Tian suddenly looked at him coldly, “You, I don’t even know how to deal with you right now.” 
At this moment, sending the goblins to deal with him would actually delight him. 
Physical torture, he was already numb to it, barely feeling any pain. 
Suddenly, Lin Tian thought of a way to handle Kasimov. “Ifreya, crawl here.” 
“Master, my noble lord, what do you need Ifreya to do?” 
Ifreya quickly ran over like a dog, sticking out her pink tongue. 
Loder’s voice abruptly stopped. 
Lin Tian commanded, “Later, I need you to…” 
“You dare! Ifreya! Don’t listen to that beast! You are one of us humans, you are the Saintess of the Holy Order! Don’t associate with those damn goblins!” 
Loder shouted in despair, defeated again! 
His hopes were repeatedly crushed by Lin Tian! 
Then. 
Ifreya stood up, put on tattered clothes, and made herself filthy. 
If she still looked like a normal person, it would definitely arouse suspicion. 
Then she was sent to walk towards the enchanted forest. 
Lin Tian called Gobu Tian, “Come with me, there’s something to do.” 
… 
“It seems true, the entire enchanted forest is devoid of monsters, very unusual.” 
Kasimov scanned the surroundings and said. 
Finally, he saw the place where the Silver Blade Captain and others had fought last night, with obvious battle marks. 
“Getting closer.” 
He quickly accelerated, riding his horse at full speed. 
At that moment, a person suddenly appeared in front of him, and the face seemed somewhat familiar. 
“Help! Help me, Kasimov!” 
It was Ifreya. Seeing him, she immediately ran over. 
Kasimov dismounted swiftly, “You are, the white-robed nun Ifreya? You didn’t die! Where is Lord Loder?” 
“He is dead. Take me away from here quickly, I need to return to the Order, boohoo!” 
Ifreya threw herself into Kasimov’s arms, crying. 
Seeing her appearance and reaction, he couldn’t imagine what horrific things she had endured with the goblins. 
Especially since she was a sacred nun, chosen as a servant of God, but now… 
Kasimov quickly comforted her, “Stay here and don’t move. I’ll go check the situation. If I don’t return for a long time, just run straight ahead.” 
“Okay, please hurry.” Ifreya pleaded. 
As Kasimov turned around, a holy light suddenly shone! 
“Holy Bible Cage!” 
In an instant, he was trapped in a crucifix! 
Seeing this, Kasimov was shocked, “Nun, what are you doing?!” 
“Holy Light Impact!” 
It wasn’t over yet. Ifreya attacked again. 
Kasimov immediately reacted, “Mid-tier · Death Roar! Roar!” 
A mournful wail like that of a hell demon echoed! 
It shattered the crucifix confining him. 
However, he couldn’t avoid the holy light. He immediately drew his longsword to block it. 
Unexpectedly, such a powerful attack only pushed him back four or five meters and was completely blocked. 
“White-robed nun, do you know what you’re doing?” Kasimov said, eyes filled with fury. 
However, Ifreya had no intention of stopping, continuously attacking. 
This was Lin Tian’s order. 
Sustained attacks to exhaust Kasimov’s strength. 
They also ambushed from behind. 
While the two fought fiercely, a figure quietly approached. 
Even though it was daytime, Gobu Tian’s Dark Blessing didn’t work, preventing him from becoming invisible, but his speed was still incredible. 
Suddenly, he struck! 
“Clang!” 
The sharp claws made a metallic collision sound but failed to pierce through, leaving only a crack. 
Kasimov reacted immediately, “What the hell is this? Death Roar!!!” 
This skill not only dispelled control but also stunned enemies, rendering them immobile. 
He was serious now! 
The ear-piercing roar paralyzed Gobu Tian, and the longsword was about to fall on his head. 
A burning arrow suddenly flew from nowhere, forcing Kasimov to retreat. 
In the brief moment, Gobu Tian quickly escaped. 
With his incredible speed and small size, he darted through the grass, making it hard to locate him. 
“Someone else is hiding? No, it must be a monster. Ifreya! As a nun of the Holy Order, why are you colluding with monsters?” 
Kasimov angrily glared at her. 
However, there was no response, only continuous attacks. 
“It seems I have to get rough with you!” 
Then, he ignited a black flame in his left hand, casting a high-tier spell, Grim Reaper’s Harvest! 
It could seize souls, causing them to pass out. 
Lin Tian watched from afar, sensing something was wrong. If this continued, Ifreya would be taken away. 
He would rather let her die than be captured. 
Controlling the Elemental Hand Crossbow, he launched an attack! 
“Clang, clang, clang!” 
However, it was blocked by iron armor again. 
“This armor seems quite valuable, it’s incredibly resistant.” Lin Tian commented. 
Kasimov coldly stared in the direction the arrows came from, “Stop hiding! What kind of monster are you? Come out now!” 
“Heh heh heh, it seems you are indeed more troublesome than those guys last night.” 
Finally, Lin Tian slowly walked out of the bushes. 
Seeing it was a Small Goblin, Kasimov was still extremely shocked, “How can a low-level Goblin like you…?” 
He realized this Goblin tribe was terrifying! 
A Small Goblin was so strong and intelligent! 
And that black creature hiding in the bushes was likely a special variant of Goblin too. 
The situation was too dangerous! 
He had to leave quickly with the white-robed nun. 
Kasimov steeled himself, “Let’s end this quickly!” 
Suddenly, he charged! Moving first!! 
But Lin Tian stood still, not intending to dodge. 
“You’re dead!” 
Kasimov couldn’t imagine how Lin Tian could evade. It was too late to use any skill. 
The cold black blade was just centimeters from piercing Lin Tian’s heart. 
But suddenly! 
Kasimov felt dizzy and confused. 
His hands were empty, not knowing what to do. 
His longsword appeared in Lin Tian’s hands. 
“Not bad, this sword. I’ll give it to Gobu Kuang.” 
Lin Tian examined it, then threw it dozens of meters away, embedding it into a tree trunk. 
Kasimov’s heart pounded, his expression worse than if he had eaten shit, “Impossible! What happened? My sword! How did it get into your hands?!” 
This was Lin Tian’s skill, ‘No-Blade Capture.’ 
When activated once, it could be used three times consecutively to withstand three physical attacks. 
If used all at once, it had a chance to seize the opponent’s weapon. 
Depending on the opponent’s strength. 
“Your strength is formidable, but unfortunately, you’re too arrogant.” 
As Lin Tian finished speaking, Ifreya’s Holy Bible Cage skill became usable again, trapping Kasimov directly. 
Then he let Gobu Tian take action. 
“Slash!” 
This time, he shattered Kasimov’s armor with one strike. 
Lin Tian had been continuously attacking the cracks in his armor, causing them to widen and break more easily. 
Blood flowed down Kasimov’s back. 
Kasimov started to panic, “When did that monster get behind me again, or was it always there? No matter what, was I always destined to lose?” 
Now he understood that even if the sword hadn’t been seized, the black creature would have ambushed him. 
Covering his wound, Kasimov retreated repeatedly. 
Severely injured and weaponless, he knew his end was near. 
After being savagely torn by Gobu Tian, he completely lost the ability to resist. 
“Facing just two Goblins, I am no match. What kind of terrifying existence is this tribe?! Leader, I am coming to meet you…” 
Kasimov finished and fell into a pool of blood. 
Lin Tian smiled coldly, pleased. Finally, the matter was resolved. Fortunately, these guys came one by one like the Calabash Brothers rescuing their grandpa. 
If they had come together, it would have been tough to handle. 
However, under his open scheme, they had no choice. 
Otherwise, it would have been a wasted trip to find the Purple-Gold Dragon Mother. 
Looking at Ifreya in the distance, Lin Tian said, “Well done, I will reward you well.” 
This time, she had indeed played a role. 
Ifreya hopped over on all fours. 
Pulling at Lin Tian’s ragged clothes, “Noble master, I want my reward now. I am already your slave, let me serve you.” 
“Go away, we’ll talk later.” 
Lin Tian impatiently kicked her fair and tender face. 
Then he retrieved the black longsword and had Gobu Tian drag the corpse back to the tribe. 
When Kasimov’s body was thrown in the middle of the tribe, the Goblins cheered again. 
Loder’s face was filled with disbelief, “Another one dead! That Sword Saintess bitch! Why hasn’t she come yet for those damned Bright Town riffraff?!” 
“Oh? Is this how you slander your master? I think she’s quite great, very righteous.” Lin Tian said, scrutinizing him. 
Then he had the previous Goblin come to devour the corpse. 
It leveled up to 49, almost evolving into a hero variant. 
And received the name from Lin Tian, ‘Gobu Shan.’ 
This guy was quite docile, considered kind in this Goblin tribe. 
Encountering flowers, grass, or small insects, he wouldn’t crush them but play with them instead. 
Usually, he preferred to be alone. 
However, he wasn’t truly kind. 
He was a truly dark, evil, and even perverted Goblin! 
Catching prey, he would torment it to death bit by bit. With small insects, he enjoyed making them fight to the death, watching them kill each other. 
Then he ate them all. 
Lin Tian wanted to see if he would mutate into a rare existence if he evolved into a hero variant. 
“Gobu Shan? Thank you, boss! Thank you, boss! I have a name now!” 
Gobu Shan danced with joy, celebrating. 
… 
“At this moment, sending the goblins to deal with him would actually delight him.” Omg… 
Calabash Brothers – A Chinese anime reference. 
… 
Discord (announcements and updates!)? <a href="https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC">https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC</a> 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 28: A Deadly Stratagem! 
TL: Sungmin 
The next day. 
In Bright Town, every day was lived in constant fear. 
The Purple-Gold Dragon Mother would come to harass at irregular intervals, keeping everyone on edge, unable to relax for even a moment. 
“It’s been so long; they should have returned by now, right?” 
Inside the tavern, the members of the Battle Roar Regiment drank and discussed. 
They were the reserve team, always ready to go out and fight, while the Sword Saintess took on the arduous task of standing guard. 
She stood on the highest clock tower like a statue. 
She dared not make another mistake. If something happened again in Bright Town, she couldn’t live up to her title. 
The title of ‘Guardian of the Holy Sword.’ 
Protecting the lives of the empire’s people. 
This moved the residents of Bright Town, who often came to persuade her to rest, offering money and food, all of which she refused. 
Another few days passed. 
Finally, the Battle Roar Regiment believed that Kasimov had also perished in the enchanted forest. 
“Damn it, what kind of goblin tribe is this? One after another, they die!” 
“Why do I feel like we’re caught in a deadly stratagem?” 
“A deadly stratagem? Hiss! If that’s true, it would be terrifying! Impossible, impossible.” 
As they discussed, the Sword Saintess entered. 
She spoke directly, “All of you leave here and go to the capital to request reinforcements. It’s the only way. We are in a very unfavorable situation.” 
On one side, there was the dragon’s restraint; on the other, the goblin threat. 
More reinforcements were needed to solve all the problems at once. 
“Moreover, if we leave those goblins unchecked, they will likely leave here, and their development could become a great threat.” The Sword Saintess added. 
The enchanted forest was almost devoid of monsters and animals. 
Clearly, the goblins had captured and eaten everything. Without food, they were likely to migrate. 
The grudge was not yet avenged; how could they let them leave? 
Hearing this, the members of the Battle Roar Regiment exchanged glances, finding her words reasonable. 
But the leader of the Battle Roar Regiment was somewhat unwilling, “If we do that, wouldn’t we be deserters? We’ve always been at the forefront of every mission! You go for reinforcements; I’ll deal with those goblins myself! I don’t believe we can’t beat a bunch of lowly beasts!” 
The impression of goblins had always been that they were low-level creatures, easily killed. 
They didn’t believe that a few hero and big variants could cause such trouble. 
The other leaders were speechless; this had been said too many times. 
Then, they all dragged him out, “Let’s go, Captain! Time waits for no one, we must hurry to the capital!” 
Dragged and pulled, the Battle Roar Regiment leader finally relented. 
But on the way back to the capital, he still grumbled. 
… 
On a small mountain outside Bright Town, Lin Tian, as usual, rode his dragon, lurking in the dense forest, observing the situation. 
Seeing the Battle Roar Regiment come out, he couldn’t help but smile smugly. 
“Hmph, it seems these guys are stupid enough to fall into my stratagem one by one.” Lin Tian sneered, preparing to leave first. 
But suddenly, he noticed something wrong; they were heading along the main road, not towards the enchanted forest. 
Immediately, he understood, “Trying to get reinforcements? No, I can’t let them escape!” 
“Hurry, get ahead of them!” 
Lin Tian rode his dragon, flying ahead of the Battle Roar Regiment. 
Soon, he saw a wooden bridge over a cliff, just what he was looking for. 
Cut off their path! 
Hovering above the bridge, he pulled out the Elemental Hand Crossbow, choosing a flame arrow. 
He shot one, quickly setting the entire bridge on fire. 
Below was a bottomless abyss; they would surely choose to return or rebuild the bridge. 
“Cackle, cackle, it seems Heaven favors me; this opportunity is too good.” 
Lin Tian suddenly thought of something, his mouth curling into a smile. 
This time, not only would he take out these guys, but he would also capture Bright Town! 
The opportunity was rare, so he hurried back to the Tian Kuang Tribe to gather the goblins! 
… 
On the dirt road in the distance, the urgent sound of horse hooves echoed. 
The Battle Roar Regiment members were galloping swiftly. 
These horses were first-tier magic beasts, ‘Carnivorous Horses,’ resembling ordinary horses but with sharp teeth, eating only meat. 
The advantage of taming them was their strong endurance, able to run hundreds of kilometers a day. 
Ordinary horses would collapse after running a few dozen kilometers. 
They were considered the best means of transportation in this world. 
“Wait! Stop!” 
Suddenly, the Battle Roar Regiment leader’s anxious voice sounded, and everyone pulled on the reins, stopping the galloping horses. 
They saw that the wooden bridge over the cliff ahead had turned into a pile of charcoal. 
It seemed that a light touch would cause the whole bridge to crumble. 
“Who set this fire? Damn it!” 
“Damn it, who the hell is so lacking in morality! Come out, and I’ll cut you down immediately!” 
“Come out, you damn coward! Afraid to admit what you did, you cowardly wimp!” 
The crowd shouted angrily, but only the echoes in the valley answered; no one came forward to admit it. 
With the bridge destroyed, their expressions were as if they had eaten something foul. 
How long would this delay them? 
Without a second thought, the Battle Roar Regiment leader immediately ordered, “Everyone, chop down trees and build a bridge! We can’t waste any time!” 
Upon hearing this, everyone quickly dismounted and started working. 
However, building a hundred-meter-long wooden bridge was no easy task. 
They could get across easily, but without horses, walking to the capital would take so long that Bright Town’s people would be long dead. 
The group plunged into busy work: some chopped trees, others split planks, and others drew up structural plans. 
They also sent someone back to get ropes and chains. 
The estimated time needed was one day. 
At this moment. 
In the Tian Kuang Tribe, Lin Tian had gathered all the goblins again, “We’re going to do something big soon! We’ll act in two groups. If you do well, there will be great rewards. If not, we all might die!” 
“Boss, what are we going to do?” Gobu Tian asked in confusion. 
Lin Tian continued to explain, “Gobu Tian, you take fifty goblins and carefully hide in the dense forest outside Bright Town. The farther you stay, the better. You observe the area but don’t get discovered. 
When you see a woman in platinum armor leave Bright Town, take all the goblins and rush in. Capture all the women, but be careful not to expose your tracks.” 
“Understood, boss. What about you?” 
Gobu Tian scratched his head, feeling hesitant to lead the other goblins alone. 
Lin Tian then looked at Gobu Kuang, “You come with me. We’ll intercept a knight group led by a bald guy. This time, I’m going to become a general!” 
Beside them, Loder, who was tied up, was dumbfounded. 
However, this time he didn’t get angry or shout but laughed darkly, “Hehehe, good. I really admire your cleverness. You’re a terrifyingly strong opponent. Go ahead, take Bright Town! That filthy mongrel should have been dead long ago!” 
“Oh? Playing the misanthrope now? That’s not like you. Aren’t you waiting for the Sword Saintess to rescue you?” Lin Tian asked. 
Of course, he knew why; this was what Lin Tian wanted. 
Step by step, he tormented their spirits until they completely broke down. 
Only Ifreya had broken down after a short time. 
Loder sneered, “Do I need rescue? Am I dead? I don’t feel pain anymore! I’m perfectly fine!” 
“Those people are the ones who really deserve to die! That filthy bitch in platinum armor should die! Die! Die! Die!” 
Loder’s expression twisted and contorted again. 
He kept muttering ‘die,’ his body convulsing violently. 
It looked like a severe illness. 
It was quite creepy to watch. 
Lin Tian felt that Loder’s condition was more serious than expected. Without saying more, he ordered, “Gobu Yue, as usual, I’ll leave the tribe in your hands when I’m gone. Understand?” 
“Yes, boss. Don’t worry, I’ll keep watch.” Gobu Yue nodded vigorously. 
Then, Lin Tian mounted his dragon, and the goblins set off. 
The Battle Roar Regiment was racing against time, and so was Lin Tian. 
However, Lin Tian’s pace on his dragon was slowed down a lot, as the other goblins, except for the goblin assassins and big goblins, couldn’t keep up. 
In about half a day, they reached a dense forest about ten kilometers from Bright Town. 
Lin Tian instructed, “Now, split into two groups. Gobu Tian, move quietly forward until you see Bright Town. Remember what I told you.” 
“No problem, boss!” Gobu Tian said. 
The intelligence of the hero variant was reliable enough not to mess things up. 
The remaining goblins, along with Gobu Kuang and Gobu Shan, followed Lin Tian. 
From such a distance, flying the bipedal dragon at very low altitudes wouldn’t be discovered by the Sword Saintess. 
Soon, they arrived at a small mountain outside the broken bridge cliff. 
From a distance, they saw the Battle Roar Regiment busy at the cliff. 
“So fast? They’ve already started building the bridge!” Lin Tian exclaimed in disbelief. 
The Battle Roar Regiment leader had thrown a rope over to a giant rock on the other side of the cliff and was tying the bridge structure to a long iron chain. 
They dragged the iron chain, inching across the makeshift rope bridge. 
Several others climbed to the opposite side. 
One person stayed to secure the bridge. 
The rest pulled the chain with all their might, their veins bulging on their foreheads, and their muscles creaking from the strain! 
After all, such a long bridge weighed at least thousands, if not tens of thousands of pounds! 
Ordinary people couldn’t pull it, but they were all level forty or fifty, far stronger than normal people. 
“Phew, if the Sword Saintess were here, she could probably pull it by herself, right? This is exhausting.” One member sighed, wiping sweat from his forehead. 
The Battle Roar Regiment leader snorted, “Give me ten more years, and I won’t be any worse than the Sword Saintess, got it? Why do you all look down on me?” 
“Ten years? By then, the Sword Saintess will probably be at an unimaginable level.” 
“Hahaha!” 
They joked, preparing to mount their horses and leave. 
“Let’s go, time waits for no one!” 
As they cautiously walked onto the wooden bridge, the sky suddenly darkened as if the sun had been blocked. 
However, it was just a fleeting moment. 
Immediately, the Battle Roar Regiment leader’s expression changed, “This isn’t good!” 
Looking ahead, a dragon appeared, flapping its enormous wings and stirring up a storm! 
It slowly landed on the other side of the bridge. 
It was Lin Tian! 
Its massive form and dragon’s might left them all stunned! 
… 
Discord (announcements and updates!)? <a href="https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC">https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC</a> 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 29: Blocking the Bridge, Total Annihilation! 
TL: Sungmin 
“Why is there a dragon here? Wait, look quickly at the dragon’s back! It’s a goblin! Goblins can ride dragons!? How is this possible?” 
The leader of the Battle Roar Regiment couldn’t help but exclaim. This kind of thing was unprecedented! 
It was probably the first time in history that goblins had been seen riding dragons! 
Lin Tian looked at them coldly and couldn’t help but praise, “Hehe, you guys are really quick, repairing the bridge so fast, not bad, not bad.” 
After saying this, he even clapped his hands. 
The leader of the Battle Roar Regiment immediately took out a large axe from his back, “You’re the goblin who captured Lord Loder, right? I’ll kill…!” 
Before he could finish speaking, his words got stuck in his throat. 
Because that wyvern had opened its huge mouth, with a blazing fire gathering inside! 
“Dragon Flame!” 
At Lin Tian’s command, the dragon immediately spewed out a huge flame, spraying towards the Battle Roar Regiment members. 
Facing the incoming sea of fire, they even abandoned their horses and ran back! 
Turning a horse around took too long; they would have been roasted by then. 
Everyone stumbled and fell, but at least they weren’t turned into roast duck. 
When they turned and saw the newly built wooden bridge behind them, they were all furious, angrily drawing their weapons! 
After going through all kinds of hardships to build the bridge, it was now charred again! 
“Damned bastard!” 
“Get him!” 
“Slay the dragon! Capture that goblin and torture him to death! Aaargh!” 
Each of them was filled with extreme hatred, wanting to retaliate. 
Suddenly, a rhythmic rumbling sound came from behind! 
Everyone felt a tightness in their hearts! 
The Battle Roar Captain quickly turned around, only to find that a large number of goblins had surrounded them at some point! 
It was Gobu Kuang and his group. 
There were about thirty big goblins and a few lurking goblin assassins. 
“Everyone, prepare for battle! Here comes a big one!” The leader of the Battle Roar Regiment said cautiously. 
A regiment leader with a heavy expression said, “Commander, it seems we’ve been targeted for a while now. These goblins are definitely not simple!” 
First, the bridge was destroyed, and now they were being ambushed! 
Everyone understood and knew they were in dire straits! 
After all, even the Silver Blade Regiment was annihilated, and Kasimov was dead. 
They had no absolute confidence in handling this. 
“That tall one must be the Goblin Hero. I’ll take care of him! Bain, you’re an assassin, fast, go find the Sword Saintess!” 
The Battle Roar Captain charged with his axe, clearing a path for Bain. 
Wearing light armor, Bain nodded forcefully, “Commander, hold on!” 
He leapt into the trees, discarding his armor and weapons to maximize his speed. 
Seeing him trying to escape, several lurking goblin assassins were about to take action. 
Lin Tian’s voice rang out, “Let him go. Focus on dealing with the rest.” 
“Ahh!” 
At this moment, the Battle Roar Captain let out a powerful, shocking roar! This increased his attribute values and attack power significantly! 
However, Gobu Kuang was not to be outdone, roaring as well, though it had no effect. 
Holding a black iron longsword, he slashed forward! 
“Clang!” 
A piercing metallic clash erupted immediately! 
And a strong gust of wind! 
The surrounding shrubs were blown to one side, giving them a “side-swept” hairstyle. 
The Battle Roar Captain’s face changed slightly, “You actually have similar strength to me! This sword, isn’t it Kasimov’s? It seems I was right…” 
“I like your axe. Give it to me!” 
Gobu Kuang sneered coldly, reaching out with his extra hands to grab it. 
The Battle Roar Captain hurriedly retreated, only to suddenly notice a figure emerging from the bushes! 
It leaped up and slashed! 
“Splurt!” 
Green goo splattered everywhere! 
A goblin assassin’s head was directly smashed! 
Due to his high attack power, he could instantly kill the fragile goblin assassin. 
Across the bridge, Lin Tian’s expression turned sinister, “You, you can do anything, but why kill the goblins I painstakingly raised?” 
Saying this, he slowly raised his left hand, adjusting the Elemental Hand Crossbow to wind element. 
This was the power absorbed while riding the dragon. 
It was perfect for testing the effect on him. 
Since it was a sneak attack, he could charge it up. 
“Whoosh!” 
A wind sphere burst out instantly! The sound of breaking through the air was incessant! 
It forcibly caused the other regiment members along the way to have their heads shaken. 
“Commander! Watch out!” 
Unfortunately, even with a warning, it was too late. The Battle Roar Captain wasn’t a speed-type knight, and it was difficult to dodge with his large axe. 
“Boom!” 
The wind sphere exploded, sending him flying several meters away. 
He spat out a mouthful of blood. 
Seeing this effect, Lin Tian was somewhat surprised, “Oh wow, internal injuries? This wind element is very effective against high-defense enemies.” 
Unlike fire and poison arrows, even if you were wearing armor, it could cause massive shock damage. 
“That damned little goblin! How can he use such terrifying attacks!” 
The Battle Roar Captain cursed as he got up and ordered, “Kill the one riding the dragon first! I feel he’s the leader!” 
“Yes!” The members understood. 
The mage among them began chanting, “Mid-tier Magic·Song of Battle! Mid-tier Magic·Domain Capture!” 
A loud and majestic song rang out, maximizing the strength of all members! 
Moreover, Domain Capture greatly expanded everyone’s skill range! 
It was extremely powerful. 
This was exactly what the Battle Roar Captain wanted, “Let’s die together! High-tier Skill·Lion’s Roar!” 
“Roar!” 
A visible red ring-shaped shockwave shot straight at Lin Tian! 
It immobilized him and the wyvern. 
It was a control-type skill, and even if one had a control immunity skill, it would take five seconds to break free. 
No matter how hard the wyvern flapped its wings, it couldn’t move. 
“Hmph, you’re dead! Mid-tier Martial Skill·Deadly Flying Axe!” 
The Battle Roar Captain coldly smiled and threw his flying axe at Lin Tian’s head! 
If that large axe hit the head, it would split it open! 
Lin Tian was slightly surprised; this guy’s combo was brainless and violent! 
If he were playing a game, he would definitely choose this type. 
However, choosing physical attacks was their biggest mistake! 
Just as the flying axe was about to strike, Lin Tian activated the skill ‘No-Blade Capture’! 
The axe seemed to pass through Lin Tian’s body, not cutting it but penetrating it! 
“Impossible!” 
The Battle Roar Captain’s eyes almost popped out! 
How could there be something so absurd! 
The other members felt like they had seen a ghost, “What kind of monster is that little goblin! Commander, we’ve hit a hard wall this time!” 
“Damn it, no time to chat, help me!” 
The Battle Roar Captain’s heart rate skyrocketed because Gobu Kuang was charging at him madly! 
Without a weapon, how could he block? 
But with a thought, he could still control the flying axe to return. 
“Ouch!” 
In the distance, Lin Tian cried out in pain as the returning axe hit his head, causing a big bump. 
The Battle Roar Captain laughed triumphantly, “Haha! Look at that little bastard’s mess! He’s got a big bump on his head!” 
He retrieved the large axe and swung it at Gobu Kuang, and they fell into a standoff. 
Or rather, a test of strength. 
Gobu Kuang’s eyes were full of disdain, “Frenzied Power!” 
He activated the skill, all four arms pressing on the weapon, muscles visibly swelling, veins popping! 
“Damn! I can’t hold on, guys!” 
The Battle Roar Captain’s veins bulged, and large beads of sweat dripped from his forehead. 
The sound of muscles tearing was crackling! 
But he still couldn’t withstand Gobu Kuang’s strength and watched helplessly as the axe blade got closer to his body! 
The drawback of a double-sided axe was apparent. 
If you couldn’t outmatch in strength, the other side of the axe would cut you. 
As he turned his head, he saw that the other members couldn’t help because Lin Tian was constantly harassing with sneaky attacks. 
Some were already dead! 
“Argh!” 
“Why is this beast so strong?! Can a hero variant reach this level?!” 
The Battle Roar Captain was about to give in, watching the axe blade cut into his shoulder! 
And it wasn’t stopping! 
Bit by bit, it dug in! 
The pain exploded in his mind! 
It felt like a girl’s first time, the pain of being penetrated bit by bit! 
“Slash!” 
Following that, his arm, along with his shoulder, was cut off! 
Normally, the intense pain would have incapacitated him. 
Fortunately, adrenaline kept him moving quickly. 
But he didn’t notice Lin Tian’s dark expression in the distance, “Damn it, this bump on my head isn’t over! I’ll give you two bumps!” 
Lin Tian then charged up the wind element again! 
This time aiming for his head! 
“Whoosh!” 
The wind blast hit directly! 
The Battle Roar Captain lost consciousness and fell to the ground. 
This was the second bump, one on his head and soon a grave on the mountain. 
“Commander!” 
A member’s attention was drawn, filled with anxiety and despair. 
Immediately, a goblin assassin took the opportunity, pierced him with a blade, and killed him! 
Gobu Kuang laughed, “This axe is great, haha! Boss, look at my new weapon!” 
Indeed, the large axe in Gobu Kuang’s hands was even more terrifying. 
He went over and dismembered the Battle Roar Captain. 
He even stomped and burst his bulging eyes. 
The rest were mostly dealt with, though one person escaped initially, which was Lin Tian’s intention. 
“Go, lure the Sword Saintess here, hehe.” 
Lin Tian then instructed, “Don’t eat yet. Gobu Shan, you go first.” 
“Thank you, boss! Thank you!” 
The grateful Gobu Shan knelt and ran to a corpse to feast. 
After finishing one, he still didn’t level up, so he devoured the Battle Roar Captain’s body. 
Finally, he reached level fifty! 
“How is it? Are you evolving?” Lin Tian asked expectantly. 
However, Gobu Shan looked confused, “Boss, I don’t feel anything, I even need to poop.” 
“Damn it! Never mind, we need to leave quickly.” 
Lin Tian rode the wyvern into the sky, surveying the surroundings to plan the best escape route. 
Otherwise, that crazy woman would catch up, and they wouldn’t escape. 
Riding the wyvern was fine for him, but what about the rest? They had worked hard to train, and if she killed them with a few swords, it would be game over. 
… 
Discord (announcements and updates!)? <a href="https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC">https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC</a> 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 30: The Defeat of the Sword Saintess! 
TL: Sungmin 
After a thorough inspection, Lin Tian ordered, “Everyone jump down!” 
“What, what?” 
“Boss, where do you want us to jump?” 
“Could it be this cliff? It’s so high!” 
A group of goblins cautiously peeked over the edge, their legs trembling. 
Lin Tian then forcefully commanded, “Below is a river, you won’t die. But if you don’t jump, you will surely die!” 
“Move aside, you bunch of wimps!” 
Gobu Kuang pushed aside several big goblins, walked to the edge of the cliff, and jumped without a second thought. 
“Plop!” 
The splash was more than ten meters high! 
Lin Tian thought this guy was a bit too straightforward. Even if he had to jump, he should have at least picked a spot. 
Luckily, he didn’t hit any rocks. 
With someone leading, the rest of the goblins followed suit. 
However, the goblin assassins didn’t need to jump. Their climbing skills were exceptional, allowing them to slide down easily and quickly. 
Lin Tian rode his dragon to direct the route, even though it would be a long detour, it was better than dying. 
… 
Bright Town. 
Bain was rushing towards there, but it was dozens of kilometers away. No matter how fast he was, it would take him more than an hour to reach the town. 
By the time he arrived, he was exhausted, foaming at the mouth! 
“Sword Saintess!” 
Enduring nausea, dizziness, and shortness of breath, Bain hurriedly shouted. 
The Sword Saintess saw him and leapt down, “What’s going on? Why are you back?” 
“Goblins! Goblins!” 
Before Bain could finish speaking, he collapsed on the ground. 
The Sword Saintess’s heart tightened, “Damn it! Quickly, help him!” 
After saying that, she sped towards the Battle Roar Captain and the others. 
Even though she wore armor and carried weapons, and was not an assassin, she was still faster than Bain. 
She could reach there in an hour at most. 
Including the return trip, it would be two hours. 
During this time, Gobu Tian had to make a quick decision! 
After seeing the Sword Saintess disappear from sight, he gave the order, “Charge! Capture the women alive, kill the rest!” 
A group of goblins sprinted swiftly! 
Leading the charge were a dozen goblin assassins, moving at incredible speed! 
After entering Bright Town, they immediately killed several residents, “Kill!” 
“Ahhh! Help! Monsters are here!” 
“Where is the Sword Saintess? They’re killing people!” 
“I just saw the Sword Saintess go out, run! Run! Ahhh!” 
In an instant, the once relatively peaceful town turned into a living hell! 
The goblin assassins moved so fast that corpses littered the ground in no time! The fragile ordinary residents couldn’t withstand a single blow. 
However, these people had been on alert due to the wartime conditions. 
The militia quickly organized themselves, forming a phalanx to drive the goblin assassins away from the crowd. 
Residents, seeing their saviors, quickly hid behind the militia phalanx. 
“Bang!” 
“Bang!” 
“Bang!” 
Meanwhile, the town gate was being battered by something, each impact like a blow to their hearts! 
“Boom!” 
Finally, the gate couldn’t hold up and was broken through by a group of big goblin warriors! 
Seeing such a large group, dozens of burly goblins, the residents were terrified, their hearts almost stopping! 
“Ahhh! Monsters are here!” 
Immediately, the residents began to flee in all directions, becoming targets for the goblin assassins. 
The men were killed, and the women were paralyzed with poison. 
The militia phalanx, facing these big goblins, was as fragile as paper, easily slaughtered! 
They had long anticipated that this day might come again. 
But they didn’t expect it to come so soon! 
Bright Town fell into darkness, becoming a living hell. 
Men fell into pools of blood! 
Dismembered limbs were everywhere! 
They watched helplessly as their loved ones were eaten alive by goblins! 
“Help! Help! This can’t be real! It can’t be real!” 
A woman screamed until her voice almost broke, causing a brain hemorrhage, and she fainted on the spot. 
But whether dead or alive, the goblins packed them into sacks and took them away. 
It seemed like these were not people but objects. 
In just an hour, most of the women were captured, over a hundred in total! 
Divided into twenty large sacks, each big goblin carried one, grinning from ear to ear. 
They began to transport them back to the tribe. 
The goblin assassins, bloodthirsty, slaughtered for a while longer before finally retreating at Gobu Tian’s command. 
“Kekekeke!” 
The remaining residents, hearing the evil laughter, were plunged into deep pain and despair! 
A catastrophe had struck! 
This world was terrifying, and death could descend at any moment! 
“Boohoo! Dad, wake up! What will we do now that Mom has been taken away?” 
A little boy pushed the man lying in a pool of blood in front of him, crying loudly. 
But the man didn’t respond. There was already a bloody hole in his chest, and all the blood had drained out. 
Some elderly people who had been hiding came out, and upon seeing the horrific scene, some were scared to death! 
The streets were full of corpses! Blood everywhere! 
The air was filled with the smell of blood and the bitter saltiness of tears. 
On the other side. 
The Sword Saintess had already arrived at the cliff. Seeing the tragic scene before her, she thought, “Am I too late? These goblins!!” 
Previously, her emotions had been calm, but now she couldn’t endure any longer. 
To suffer repeated losses at the hands of goblins. 
It was simply a disgrace to the name of the Sword Saintess! 
How could she face the previous Sword Saintesss? 
“Are there not even any corpses left?” 
The Sword Saintess searched around, hoping to find someone near death who could be saved. 
But there was nothing left, only torn clothes and some blood-stained bones with tendons. 
It looked like they had been gnawed by wolves. 
Immediately, she quickly searched the surrounding area but found no clues. 
“Goblins! Goblins! Why can’t I even deal with a group of goblins! Time and time again!” 
“Swish!!!” 
The Sword Saintess, overcome with anger, swung her sword furiously towards the cliff ahead! 
Sword Qi bombarded the rock face, sending dust flying everywhere! 
When the dust settled, the cliff had been shattered, with the rubble forming a new path! 
Suddenly! 
The Sword Saintess’s aura condensed as she thought of something, “Wait! No!” 
“Whoosh!” 
She turned into a streak of white light, rushing back! 
With each step, she could leap more than ten meters, moving so fast she became a blur! 
Only the rapid stomping of iron boots and the clinking of armor could be heard. 
This time, it took her only half an hour to reach the outskirts of Bright Town. 
The wretched cries inside nearly petrified her heart! 
She quickly leapt onto the city wall, tore off the cloth covering her eyes, and time seemed to stop. 
The air ceased to flow, and everything fell silent! 
“No, no, no… don’t do this to me, God!” 
After a long time, the Sword Saintess trembled as she uttered these words. 
Reflected in her beautiful eyes were corpses, blood, and residents kneeling in agony. 
In that moment, her heart completely shattered! 
“This can’t be real, it can’t be!” 
“Boom!” 
The Sword Saintess felt powerless, utterly powerless, and she fell from the city wall. 
Her noble platinum armor was stained with filthy blood. 
She didn’t get up, she didn’t want to, she even wished she was the one who had died! 
It was too despairing. What opponents hadn’t she defeated? 
Seventh-tier monsters, enemy armies, all kinds of difficult and dangerous situations had been crushed with absolute power! 
But now, for the first time, she was plunged into such despair! 
The Bright Town she had painstakingly protected for so long was completely destroyed! 
Destroyed right under her nose! 
For someone with such a strong sense of justice, it felt as if she had destroyed it with her own hands, filling her with endless guilt and self-reproach! 
It left her powerless, terrified, unable to hold back her tears! 
Large, heavy tears flowed out uncontrollably. 
She struggled to her feet, trying to comfort the child clutching his father’s body, only to be pushed away, “Get away! Get away! You pretend to protect us every day, but where were you when my dad was dying! And he saved his milk for you people every day! You bad person!” 
“I, I…” 
The Sword Saintess wanted to say something but couldn’t utter a word. 
She wandered like a weak woman, devoid of any strength. 
Everywhere she looked, there were corpses and curses! 
The residents now blamed all their anger on her! 
The scolding around her felt like ghostly hands from hell, pulling her down! Deeper and deeper! 
So deep that she couldn’t breathe! 
“I’m sorry…” 
Finally, after saying those words, the Sword Saintess collapsed. 
She lost consciousness. 
On a distant hill, the Purple-Gold Dragon Mother in her human form watched everything, laughing proudly, “That goblin, he really pulled it off. Human Sword Saintess? Undefeated legend? Defeated by a goblin, hahaha!” 
Looking at the unconscious Sword Saintess, she didn’t even bother to finish her off. 
Just a pitiful stray dog. 
She then transformed into a giant dragon and flew away. 
“I wonder when I’ll see that little guy again?” 
… 
In the Tian Kuang Tribe, Loder watched the Bright Town residents being brought back in large sacks, laughing maniacally. 
“Good, good, good! Excellent! Excellent! Woohoo! That’s it!” Loder raved. 
He was even happier than the goblins. 
By evening, Lin Tian and the others finally returned to the tribe, “Well done, Gobu Tian, nice work!” 
Those human women locked in cages were the key to strengthening the tribe! 
“Hurry, tell me about that bitch! What happened to her? Quick, quick!” Loder, full of curiosity like a child, asked excitedly. 
Lin Tian gave him a look and inquired, “Gobu Tian, you didn’t encounter any problems on the way back, right?” 
Gobu Tian explained the events clearly. 
They captured nearly a hundred women and killed over a hundred humans, leaving mostly the elderly and children in the town. 
“Good, I believe that Sword Saintess will be completely broken by this.” 
Lin Tian said with a smug smile. Facing such a strong opponent head-on was impossible. 
So he targeted her weak spot. 
It had become clear over time that the Sword Saintess was someone with an overwhelming sense of justice and responsibility. 
She didn’t even come personally for revenge when the Silver Blades, Kasimov, and even Loder and Ifreya were captured. 
Wasn’t that obvious enough? 
So Lin Tian came up with this plan. 
Next to him, Loder struggled furiously, “I asked you a question! What about that bitch? Did she die? Did she die!!!” 
… 
I almost cried when I first read this bruh… 
… 
Discord (announcements and updates!)? <a href="https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC">https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC</a> 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 31: A New Dragon Descendant 
TL: Sungmin 
“Are you out of your mind?” 
Lin Tian immediately cursed, feeling that this guy was truly an idiot. 
He continued, “Do you have any idea how strong that crazy woman is? If I see her, there’s no chance of coming back. She’s probably already gone mad, just like you.” 
“That’s great! Mua! Mua! I love you! I love you, you little goblin, hahaha!” 
Loder, excited, gave Lin Tian several deep kisses on the spot. 
He laughed so hard he couldn’t close his mouth. 
Lin Tian was speechless; this guy was completely insane. 
He decided to rest for a bit as the bump on his head hadn’t gone down yet. 
Besides, he had to check the situation in Bright Town the next day and report back to the Purple-Gold Dragon Mother. 
That night, the residents of Bright Town stayed up all night. 
… 
The next day. 
Lin Tian rode his flying dragon around Bright Town, cautiously observing the situation. 
If the Sword Saintess hadn’t gone mad and decided to attack the Tian Kuang Tribe, then it’d be GG. (Good Game) 
Fortunately, his guess was right. 
The mighty figure that had always stood on the clock tower was finally gone. 
Even when Lin Tian got very close, he didn’t find any trace of the Sword Saintess, just the ruins. 
And the busy residents were burying the dead and mourning. 
The cries echoed continuously, resembling hell. 
Lin Tian felt no emotional fluctuation; the law of the jungle prevailed. He was a goblin, they were humans. It was simply a matter of who killed whom. 
There was nothing unusual about it. 
He had no sympathy for humans, just as humans had none for goblins. 
In the human world, the rule was to kill goblins on sight and clear out any discovered tribes or nests! 
Bright Town was the first “goblin nest” Lin Tian had found. 
He would clear it out and take it over sooner or later. 
But it wasn’t the right time yet. He didn’t have the strength to resist human armies and strong warriors. 
“Fell ill? Or left? Most likely fell ill, otherwise, if she wanted to abandon Bright Town, she would have sought revenge first.” 
Lin Tian thought, falling ill didn’t necessarily mean sickness; it could be a mental breakdown resulting in a loss of fighting spirit. 
He then headed towards Dragon Island. 
He had to admit, the Purple-Gold Dragon Mother had been a great help. Otherwise, if those Imperial Knight Regiments had arrived, the Tian Kuang Tribe would have been exterminated long ago. 
On his way, he captured many cattle and sheep as a token of gratitude. 
When he reached the skies above Dragon Island, he saw the dragons still busy flying around, searching for food. 
Lin Tian flew directly to the Purple-Gold Dragon Mother’s nest. 
Before he even arrived, he saw her open her giant dragon eyes, quietly waiting. 
“Your Highness, Dragon Mother, long time no see!” 
Lin Tian slowly jumped onto the cliff, smiling politely. 
The Purple-Gold Dragon Mother’s eyes were different from before. This time, they were no longer filled with disdain and disgust. 
Instead, there was admiration. 
“Long time no see. I heard about what you did yesterday, little one. It was truly satisfying.” 
“Haha, it was nothing. I just came to tell you that we need to continue harassing Bright Town for a while, and now we can get even closer.” 
Lin Tian scratched his head, pretending to be very honest. 
The Purple-Gold Dragon Mother stared at him as if pondering something, “What reward should I give you? Flying around every day is quite tiring.” 
“I have something for you, look.” 
Lin Tian quickly brought out the beef and mutton he had brought. 
However, the Purple-Gold Dragon Mother seemed uninterested in that. Her cold dragon eyes unexpectedly showed a hint of flirtation. 
She extended her huge, red, tender dragon tongue and gave Lin Tian a deep kiss, enveloping him completely, covering him in saliva. 
The Purple-Gold Dragon Mother tasted and savored for a moment, “You smell delicious. The reward I want is you, how about that?” 
“Me? You must be joking.” 
Lin Tian felt extremely embarrassed. Truly embarrassed! 
The Purple-Gold Dragon Mother’s size was over a hundred meters! 
Lin Tian’s size? Just over a meter tall goblin. 
It was impossible, not to mention the requirement for attribute enhancement. 
The Purple-Gold Dragon Mother was very serious, “Of course I’m not joking. Didn’t you make that other dragon pregnant?” 
Lin Tian felt even more embarrassed, “Let me explain, that was purely an accident.” 
“I won’t get angry over such things, but if you refuse, I might really get angry.” 
The Purple-Gold Dragon Mother opened her huge mouth, each of her sharp fangs several times larger than Lin Tian! 
It was terrifying. 
Lin Tian quickly said, “That’s not what I meant. I’m just a goblin; how could I match a dragon, right?” 
“We ancient dragons have always revered the strong. I wanted to go back to the dragon clan this time to mate with a strong dragon and produce stronger offspring. But now that I have you, why should I go back, right?” 
The voice of the Purple-Gold Dragon Mother didn’t sound like she was joking. 
It was serious! 
Because she knew that goblins had no reproductive isolation and could produce offspring with any race. 
She also wanted to see what kind of offspring she could produce. 
Perhaps this would be the first hybrid of a dragon and a goblin in history, and it would surely be different. 
Since the opportunity was presented, it was a pity not to take it. 
Lin Tian had no reason to refuse, especially after devouring the Evil Goblin and acquiring some remarkable skills. 
He approached slowly, then suddenly stopped, dumbfounded, and couldn’t help but shout. 
“What’s wrong? Have you arrived?” The Purple-Gold Dragon Mother turned her head and asked. 
Lin Tian raised his head and, after a long silence, said, “It feels like an alien is staring into my soul!” 
“Huh?” The Purple-Gold Dragon Mother was confused. 
Lin Tian then used his climbing skill to scale up. 
And he began his work. 
The Purple-Gold Dragon Mother shivered, “So itchy, it feels like a little bug is crawling on me… You! You!” 
Suddenly, the Purple-Gold Dragon Mother’s face turned red, her heart started to race. 
Her eyes were filled with shock and disbelief! 
Was this really a goblin? 
“I give up!” 
The Purple-Gold Dragon Mother quickly pleaded, biting her lip and acting coquettishly like a giant child. 
Lin Tian then stopped using the Evil Goblin’s skill, “Is it enough? Then I’ll start now.” 
At this time, the remaining flying dragons on Dragon Island were attracted by the Purple-Gold Dragon Mother’s cries and came to see what was happening. 
They were all stunned by the scene and gathered to watch. 
The more they watched, the more interested they became. 
“Roar? Roar roar roar!” 
“Roar roar roar roar!” 
“Ya-hoo!” 
Hearing the other dragons discussing, the Purple-Gold Dragon Mother was both ashamed and angry, “Shoo shoo shoo! What are you looking at? Go catch some meat for me!” 
With that, the other dragons dispersed. 
Several hours passed in a flash. 
The Purple-Gold Dragon Mother’s enormous body lay limp on the cliff, not wanting to move at all. 
“What is your name? You are truly amazing! I, I am yours from now on.” 
The Purple-Gold Dragon Mother panted as she spoke, each word seemed to take a great effort. 
Lin Tian shook his head, “Good deeds should remain anonymous. I’m leaving now.” 
He thought it would be impossible to mate, but it turned out to be easier than expected. 
Mainly because he was just too good. 
And he had gained a lot of attribute points for free: 500 health, 100 attack, and 100 defense! 
This was truly free. 
The Purple-Gold Dragon Mother angrily said, “What do you mean by ‘anonymous’? How will I tell my child who their father is?” 
“Um, just call me Lin Tian. That’s right, Lin Tian. I’m off.” 
Lin Tian rode his bipedal dragon and left Dragon Island. 
He had more important things to do. 
Watching him leave, the Purple-Gold Dragon Mother showed a playful smile, “A goblin? This race doesn’t seem so bad. No, rather, he might lead the goblins to create a new world…” 
Returning to the Tian Kuang Tribe, the captured humans had been mostly settled. 
But Loder, that lunatic, was still mocking and ridiculing them. 
He didn’t even look at his own pathetic state. 
“It’s over, Lord Loder has gone mad. What should we do? Will the Sword Saintess come to save us?” A young woman curled up in fear. 
Loder laughed, “The Sword Saintess? That bitch? Waiting for her to save you is more useless than killing yourself! Hahaha!” 
“You! Lord Loder, how can you speak like this about your master? What happened to you?” 
“Yes, from the beginning, we noticed something was wrong. Why do you seem to hate us and the Sword Saintess so much?” 
“Everyone, stop talking. He is truly pitiful; he must have suffered inhuman torture.” 
The residents looked at him with pity, which only made Loder roar in anger, “I don’t need your pity! Pity yourselves instead!” 
“Swoosh!” 
The sound of wind in the air grew louder as Lin Tian rode his dragon back. 
After dismounting, he examined the captured residents. 
He then walked towards the cage holding Lia, “Now, you are free. Those who wish to stay can stay, those who don’t can leave.” 
“What?” 
For a moment, not only Lia but even the other goblins were dumbfounded. 
So many elves, just set free? 
“You…” 
Lia opened her red lips, wanting to say something. 
Lin Tian shrugged, “I said I would grant you freedom. You are no longer of use to me, so you can go.” 
She had been honest and had helped many times. 
Granting her freedom was no issue. 
Now that he had the ability to protect himself, he wasn’t afraid of them returning for revenge. 
The main thing was, Lin Tian was gambling. 
He wanted her to bring the elves to join the Tian Kuang Tribe. 
These goblins were indeed strong, but they lacked ranged attack power. Having a group of elves as ranged fighters would be perfect. 
As the cage opened, Cassandra pulled Lia out quickly. 
“Mother, let’s go, let’s go quickly!” 
Lia stepped out, feeling a bit out of place. 
Cassandra hurried to help other elves open their cages, her small hands fumbling nervously, taking ages to open one cage. 
Gobu Yue quickly went over to help. 
All the elves were released this time. 
The feeling of regaining freedom made them cry with joy. 
However, they didn’t rush to leave, as they had nowhere to go. 
After a long silence, Lia finally said, “Cassandra, and all of you, if you want to leave, go back to the Myriad Forms Forest and start over. I plan to stay.” 
Lin Tian’s eyes flickered slightly, not surprised, or rather, he had expected her to stay. 
This woman’s cunning and deep scheming had been evident from the beginning. 
She would definitely choose to stay to keep an eye on him. 
Otherwise, she feared he might turn against them, kill or recapture them. 
By staying as a hostage, she could significantly reduce that possibility. 
“Lin Tian, from our interactions, I can tell you are not an ordinary goblin. I am willing to follow you. May I stay in the tribe?” 
Lia approached Lin Tian, her figure as voluptuous as ever. 
She then knelt on one knee, lowering her head, hoping to be accepted. 
Lin Tian looked at her and nodded, “You are smart. Staying might be useful. If the other elves leave, I promise not to trouble them.” 
… 
Discord (announcements and updates!)? <a href="https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC">https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC</a> 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 32: Mutant Goblin! 
TL: Sungmin 
“Thank you on their behalf. Do you hear, children? If you’re leaving, leave quickly.” 
Lia was overjoyed and hurriedly gave instructions. 
Cassandra was momentarily confused. “Mother dear? Why are you staying behind? Let’s leave together. We can rebuild our home!” 
“Cassandra, child, I find Lin Tian quite good, so…” 
Lia spoke softly and gently, her face full of apology. 
Seeing her so resolute, Cassandra cried and hugged her. “If Mother dear isn’t leaving, then I won’t leave either!” 
“We’ll all stay, only willing to follow Mother dear!” 
“That’s right. The Myriad Forms Forest is gone; our home has long been lost!” 
The remaining elves also chose to stay, though a few decided to leave and quickly disappeared into the forest. 
Lia never expected that so many would stay. “Alright, children, from now on, you will not follow me but Lin Tian, this Goblin leader!” 
The group of elves hesitated for a moment before kneeling before Lin Tian. 
“Rest assured, since you are no longer my captives but my subordinates, I will ensure your safety. If anyone dares to touch you without consent, tell me, and I’ll kill them!” 
Lin Tian raised his voice intentionally, speaking to the other goblins. 
This reassured the elves. 
Then he had Gobu Yue help choose a place to build shelters; they couldn’t live in cages anymore. 
This scene left Loder with his mouth wide open, unable to believe it was real! 
“Elves? Elves joined the goblin tribe! Hahaha! This isn’t real!” 
Cassandra and Gobu Yue got along well, so they were quite harmonious together. 
Soon, they chose a place to live, but the elves still preferred to live in trees, only building simple wooden houses. 
Lin Tian instructed, “Lia, tell Gobu Yue if you need anything. Gobu Yue will arrange for other goblins to collect it.” 
“I understand, Boss. Thank you. Although we’ve had unpleasant times, everything will pass.” Lia said affectionately. 
Over these days, she had been drawn to Lin Tian’s personality and even more to his powerful mating ability. 
She couldn’t understand why a goblin would have such strong charisma. 
Staying behind to slowly explore wasn’t a bad option either. 
After setting aside the elves’ matters. 
Lin Tian focused on the newly captured humans. Their value was far less than the elves’. 
They were just simple breeding machines. 
“Gobu Kuang, Gobu Tian, it’s up to you now. Breed all these humans.” Lin Tian said. 
During the time when the Sword Saintess was weakened, it was the best golden development period. They had to cultivate hero variants and third-generation goblins in large numbers! 
Otherwise, it would be troublesome when reinforcements arrived later. 
Gobu Kuang grabbed a human. “Boss, this human is too small for me right now.” 
“Hmm, it seems so. Then artificial breeding it is, but it will still be tough on you.” Lin Tian shrugged. 
However, this time artificial breeding was much easier because the elves had experience and could help. 
“No, no! Get this disgusting thing away from me!” 
“Elf sister, please spare me. I don’t want to carry a goblin’s child!” 
“Mommy, why is this goblin on top of me?” 
After some simple screams, Lin Tian went to find Gobu Shan, that rascal. Despite spending so many resources and experience, he hadn’t evolved? 
If he didn’t slaughter him to feed others, he couldn’t justify it to himself. 
While looking for him, he found Gobu Shan hiding in a corner, constantly scratching his body, even tearing off large chunks of skin. 
It was a bit creepy. 
Lin Tian sternly questioned, “Gobu Shan, what are you doing?” 
“Boss? I…I feel really itchy, like something wants to come out!” 
As he spoke, Gobu Shan kept scratching. 
He scratched faster and faster! 
Until he was rolling on the ground! 
His flesh became a bloody mess from scratching, and the situation spiraled out of control. 
Lin Tian quickly went over and pinned him down, “Stop it! If you keep scratching, you’ll kill yourself!” 
“Boss, let go, I feel terrible!” 
Gobu Shan struggled continuously, but he was much weaker than Lin Tian. 
Seeing him like this, Lin Tian didn’t stop him. If he died, he died. Perhaps, there was a twist? 
The sound of nails scraping flesh grew louder, and sticky, disgusting blood flowed everywhere from Gobu Shan’s body. 
Finally, Gobu Shan scratched himself to death. 
He twitched a few times on the ground, then stopped moving. 
“Did the evolution fail? How unlucky to encounter such a small probability.” Lin Tian sighed. 
In principle, goblins evolving into hero variants should almost always succeed if their aptitude was good. Just like the second-generation Gobu Tian, who evolved very quickly and directly. 
Just as they were about to drag his corpse away to feed it to the higher-level goblins, the body suddenly reacted! 
“Crack, crack, crack!” 
The sound of bones growing echoed, and they could see Gobu Shan’s small body starting to grow larger! 
It grew to be about the size of a big goblin, approximately 1.67 meters tall. 
Surprisingly, a row of sharp bone spikes protruded from his back, and there were spikes on his shoulders and elbows as well. 
There were also spikes around his thighs. 
His chest had horizontally growing bones, almost as if his ribs were growing outside his skin. 
Additionally, a long segmented bony tail grew out, at least three meters long! 
It looked like a natural armor, quite impressive. 
Next, the bloody and mangled body started to heal, and finally, the transformation was complete. 
He wasn’t particularly robust; his body appeared slender and sinewy, somewhat elongated. 
His arms and legs were relatively long. 
The skin was still green like that of a goblin. 
Lin Tian quickly checked this guy’s attributes. 
[Gobu Shan: Lv50<br/>
Race: Mutant Goblin<br/>
Profession: Berserker<br/>
Title: Revived from Death, Mutated Body, Twisted and Perverse, God’s Blessing…<br/>
Health: 1200<br/>
Strength: 350<br/>
Defense: 400<br/>
Skills: Bone Spikes, Bone Sword, Bone Growth, Berserker’s Heart, Battle Will…<br/>
Equipment: Battle Bones<br/>
Overall: 1500] 
“What the hell? This guy actually has such high overall combat power?! If I hadn’t gained more attributes from mating with the Purple-Gold Dragon Mother, I might not have been able to beat him!” 
Lin Tian exclaimed in surprise. 
Gobu Shan stood still, curiously admiring his transformation, not speaking but exuding an aura of strength! 
It was as if the words “can fight” were written all over his face. 
Lin Tian roughly guessed what had happened. He hadn’t evolved into a hero variant. 
Instead, he had mutated into a mutant variant! 
A berserk goblin! 
“Boss! I didn’t die! And I’ve become really strong! Hahaha!” 
Gobu Shan joyfully danced around. 
The nature of this goblin hadn’t changed. He swung his arms and tapped his feet in joy, almost as if he were dancing. 
Lin Tian said, “Not bad, your strength is now second only to mine. I believe your intelligence has also grown. In the future, when mating, you should lend a hand more often, personally.” 
Unexpectedly obtaining a mutant variant, who would need hero variants? 
However, it was predictable that the breeding probability of mutant variants would be even lower than that of hero variants, possibly producing none out of a hundred attempts. 
“Yes, Boss!” 
For now, Gobu Shan had no intention of challenging Lin Tian and obediently followed his orders. 
In the following period, Lin Tian’s main task was to monitor the actions in Bright Town. 
The rest was left to the captured humans. 
The more they could reproduce, the stronger the tribe would become. 
Lin Tian directly activated the crazy Life Simulation mode, hoping to cross over if possible. 
[Life Simulation System starting, current scenario: Breeding Third-Generation Goblins 
The events in Bright Town have come to an end, giving you golden time to expand the tribe. The Sword Saintess is in a long-term state of mental daze and won’t pose a threat for now. 
However, you still keep an eye on Bright Town’s situation daily to avoid any sudden changes. 
Day by day, the residents of Bright Town gradually resumed their usual lives, with nothing special happening. 
In the blink of an eye, a month had passed. 
You eagerly returned to the tribe to check on the production of third-generation goblins.] 
“End simulation, extract life progress.” Lin Tian said at this time. 
He needed to personally inspect the situation of this batch of third-generation goblins and then implement a new breeding plan. 
[Summary: A month passes quickly; cherish your time. 
Rating: 10 out of 100 
Reward: 10 life points 
This Life Simulation is complete, covering a time span of one month.] 
Soon after Lin Tian returned to the tribe, the second batch of third-generation goblins began to be produced. 
Due to the previous attempt at cultivating third-generation goblins, only two had survived. 
So this was the second batch. 
Out of a hundred breeding tools, including multiples, a total of 300 third-generation goblins were born. 
Forty survived, and they all had excellent talents. 
Their attributes at birth were several times higher than those of ordinary goblin offspring. 
The efficiency was barely acceptable. 
For the third batch, Lin Tian planned to have all 50 females bred by Gobu Shan. 
He wanted to test the survival rate of mutant goblin breeding. 
This time, unlike the elves, these humans were pure breeding tools. After giving birth, they would rest for a few hours before continuing to breed. 
Their value was not as high as the elves’. 
As long as they didn’t die, that was sufficient. 
Another month passed, and the third batch of goblins was born. 
“Damn, gambling dogs must die! Not a single one of the mutant goblin offspring survived?” Lin Tian was furious. 
Now he understood the low survival rate of mutant variants, probably as low as 2%. 
It was more important to focus on producing more third-generation goblins first. 
The third month passed. 
This time, seventy survived! 
In three months, they had accumulated 150 third-generation goblins, all of which could easily evolve into hero variants, with attributes much stronger than those evolved in the wild. 
Life was a bit too peaceful, and Lin Tian even wondered if the Lionheart Empire had given up on Bright Town? 
After all, it was a large town with the potential to expand into a city. 
Finally, a few days later, Lin Tian noticed a team entering Bright Town. 
… 
Discord (announcements and updates!)? <a href="https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC">https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC</a> 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 33: A Large Number of Adventurers Appear! 
TL: Sungmin 
It happened so quickly that Lin Tian didn’t see their attributes and identities clearly. 
But he could guess they were definitely not ordinary people. 
Their attire was quite ordinary, so he estimated they were adventurers. 
Maybe they were passing adventurers looking for a place to stay, and Lin Tian didn’t think much of it. 
However, after a while, another group arrived. 
This time, Lin Tian saw clearly. They were ordinary, just a silver-level adventurer team, as mentioned in the panel titles. 
Not worth paying attention to at all. 
Just pure weaklings. 
“Hiss, something’s wrong. I’m 90% sure something’s wrong!” Lin Tian couldn’t help but say. 
Because soon another group of people arrived, one after another, at least a hundred people entered Bright Town in a day! 
And the key was, they were all adventurers! 
Each person’s panel title provided an introduction. 
Lin Tian said, “Did we poke an adventurer’s nest? There are twenty teams, three Diamond-level, and even one Epic-level!” 
You must know that Loder and his group were platinum-level before, not even reaching Diamond-level. 
In this world, the badges of adventurer teams had specific divisions. 
They were Bronze, Silver, Gold, Platinum, Diamond, Epic, Legendary, Mythic-class, Immortal-lass, and World-class. 
Adventurers who earned a Diamond badge were already among the elite, very capable. 
Not to mention Epic-level; their stories had to be widely circulated throughout the empire. 
Like the saying “someone else’s child,” meaning they were exemplary. 
Lin Tian felt something was wrong and immediately decided to return to the tribe to lead everyone in relocating; they couldn’t stay here. 
“Boss, the new batch of goblins has basically grown up, but the resources in the forest are too scarce, and everyone is almost starving.” 
At this time, Lia came to report. 
Gobu Yue also spoke, “The iron ore is almost exhausted, and many new goblins can’t wear iron armor or wield weapons, creating a significant disparity in strength.” 
Gobu Yue and the elves mainly handled the tribe’s logistics. 
They managed very well, giving Lin Tian peace of mind. 
Since that was the case, Lin Tian instructed everyone, “Pack your things. Today, right now, we are moving!” 
“Moving? Boss, what’s going on?” Gobu Shan couldn’t help but ask. 
Gobu Kuang and Gobu Tian were also puzzled, having lived here for so long, it was the first time they heard about moving. 
Lin Tian didn’t explain much, “The resources here are insufficient, and we must move to a resource-rich place to develop our bodies and minds.” 
Indeed, for body and mind development, because the third-generation goblins didn’t have enough experience points to level up and evolve. 
Like foot soldiers, if anyone could just come and take them out, what was the point of painstaking cultivation? 
Of course, the main concern was fearing Bright Town’s potential siege. 
If they all stayed here, it would be a disaster. 
“Additionally, listen carefully. During migration, move quietly and steadily. Lia, Gobu Yue, you and the elves handle cleaning up our tracks.” Lin Tian said. 
Having elves, who were meticulous stealth experts, clean up tracks was ideal. 
Immediately, two to three hundred goblins began the big move. 
They took useful resources, including breeding tools, and prepared to set off. 
At this moment, Lia pointed to the side and said, “Boss, what about that guy?” 
That guy referred to Loder. 
“Damn, I forgot about him. He’s still alive with grass growing on him?” 
Lin Tian was startled, amazed at Loder’s resilience. 
Loder suddenly spoke, “Don’t kill me, take me with you. I want to see you kill that bitch with my own eyes, okay? I beg you, I’ve been holding on for that day to come.” 
“Hmph, how could I let you die so easily? When I caught you, I said you’d beg for life and death in vain.” 
Then, he assigned Ifreya to drag him along. 
They joined the migrating group. 
There wasn’t much to take from the tribe, just some iron ore, basic resources like cloth, rope, and pots, and equipment. 
And most importantly, breeding tools. 
Lin Tian had already scouted a new place for survival, riding a dragon. 
A waterfall cave over a hundred kilometers away. 
That cave was very deep and very large, complex, with many small and large caves. 
It was suspected to be a dungeon. 
Even with Gobu Kuang’s size, many places were so high that he couldn’t reach the top even if he jumped. 
But some places were very low and narrow. 
“Boss, how much farther exactly?” On the way, Lia couldn’t help but ask. 
Because they had already passed through the enchanted forest and entered a normal environment. 
The surroundings were regular woods, not very dense, lush green and quite pleasant. 
As far as she knew, to reach the next enchanted forest, it was at least two hundred kilometers away! 
Lin Tian calmly said, 
“We’re almost there, do you hear the sound of the river?” 
“Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh…” 
Sure enough, not far away, the sound of rushing river water could be heard. 
When they passed through the dense forest, their view suddenly broadened. In front of them was a clear river. 
It was about ten meters wide. 
A high waterfall was located upstream, dozens of meters away. 
Both sides were covered with lush green grass, and they could even see cattle and sheep grazing on the other side of the river. 
A vigilant lamb suddenly raised its head and noticed Lin Tian and his group. 
Immediately, all the animals scattered. 
“So much roast lamb and beef, hahaha!” 
Gobu Tian laughed, eager to catch a few for a taste. 
They had been hungry for a long time in the enchanted forest and hadn’t eaten such good things in a while. 
Lin Tian stopped him, “Come here. Without my orders, no one is allowed to act rashly during this period.” 
The situation in Bright Town was extremely abnormal, and they had to be cautious. 
They must not expose their whereabouts, or finding this cave would be in vain. 
He then led everyone toward the waterfall. Behind the water curtain, a dark, bottomless cave appeared. 
The cave wasn’t particularly large. It could be described as narrow at first, then opening up after walking several dozen steps. 
Gobu Tian could barely enter. 
They could expand it later, but for now, they didn’t have time. 
They brought all their resources into the cave. 
Lin Tian had roughly planned it out. The cave was divided into three large interconnected chambers, each covering several thousand square meters, though not very even. 
There were many rugged rocks, stalactites, and crystals inside. 
One chamber was for living, one for breeding, and one for sleeping. 
There were also four or five medium-sized chambers for storing items and over a dozen small chambers. 
The small chambers were not useful now but would be valuable if enemies invaded. 
“Lia, Gobu Yue, you two take the goblins and clean these three large chambers. Knock down those stalactites and level the ground as much as possible.” Lin Tian instructed. 
Lia, somewhat afraid, picked Lin Tian up and held him in her soft embrace, “But Boss, we elves can’t see well in the dark.” 
Reluctantly, they had to light a few torches, but this could lead to oxygen depletion. 
If they all suffocated to death here, it would be truly disastrous. 
“I’ll find some underground vents. Gobu Kuang, come with me.” 
Lin Tian took out an iron chisel he had made. 
After searching the ground for a long time, their efforts paid off, and they found an underground vent. 
Gobu Kuang went to work with the chisel, and soon a strong wind was blowing into the cave, solving the problem. 
A day passed. 
The situation in the cave stabilized. 
Lin Tian gathered all the goblins and elves in the living area, “I have three things to say. 
1. Gobu Tian, you will lead the goblin assassins for hunting. No one else is allowed to go out without my permission. 
2. Every day, two goblins will patrol and stand guard at the cave entrance. Report any movement immediately, but don’t leave the waterfall and expose yourselves. 
3. Everyone in the cave must follow the rules! Don’t let me catch anyone being careless! The penalty is death!” 
“Yes, Boss!” 
“Long live the Boss! We’ll all listen to the Boss!” 
Before long, Gobu Tian and his group captured a dozen wild cows. They lit a bonfire in the cave and started roasting whole cows. 
However, the elves were vegetarians. 
Lin Tian trusted them not to expose their whereabouts, so they were allowed to come and go freely and solve their own food issues. 
There were far more fruits and vegetables around than in their previous location, more than enough to eat. 
“Hmph, you’re really something, finding such a hidden cave. Easy to defend and hard to attack. Even an army couldn’t get in. What’s this? Has imperial support arrived?” Loder sneered at this moment. 
Lin Tian glanced at him, “Smart guess. Bright Town suddenly saw an influx of adventurer teams. They probably plan to besiege us.” 
“Adventurers? What about imperial support?” Loder was puzzled. 
Lin Tian shrugged, “I don’t know. I only saw a large number of adventurers arriving.” 
Suddenly, Loder burst into laughter, “Those stingy bastards probably heard that the Sword Saintess failed and were too scared to come! Only these reckless adventurers dare to face you. 
But I must warn you, these adventurers are far stronger than the Imperial Knight Regiment. 
The Imperial Knight Regiment was just trained and educated, but adventurers are different. They’ve all survived countless life-and-death battles! Hahahaha!” 
In the dim firelight, Loder’s face looked especially sinister as he laughed. 
“Shut up!” 
Lin Tian threw a bloody cowhide at him, silencing his nasty face. 
After eating and drinking their fill, Lin Tian went outside the waterfall. 
He whistled, and the bipedal dragon now named “Xiao Huan” flew over from a distant peak. 
“Let’s go, Xiao Huan. We’ll go back and check the situation.” 
… 
Bright Town. 
After months of silence, it finally saw new life. 
Hundreds of adventurers gathered, and the lively noise continued through the night. 
In the tavern. 
“Bang!” 
Someone took a big gulp and slammed the cup on the table, “Ah! So refreshing! Hey, do you think the Sword Saintess can recover?” 
“I doubt it. The era of the Sword Saintess may have ended.” 
“If it were me lying flat in a room for months, I’d have gone crazy by now!” 
Amidst the laughter, everyone couldn’t help but show a look of pity. 
They had all come after hearing that the Sword Saintess was driven to collapse by a group of goblins. 
First, to see if the rumors about the Sword Saintess were true. 
Second, if it was true, they wanted to check out the goblin tribe that managed to defeat her. 
This event was world-shaking. 
It wasn’t just the Lionheart Empire; people from other nations were also talking, mostly mocking. 
The dignified Sword Saintess, driven to collapse by goblins. 
It was like an adult being thrown by ants. 
… 
Discord (announcements and updates!)? <a href="https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC">https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC</a> 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 34: Danger! Goblin Slayer! 
TL: Sungmin 
“Hmph, just a bunch of goblins. Leave it to us Blizzard Heroes to handle.” 
At this moment, several people clad in silver armor walked into the tavern.  
The Diamond-colored badge hanging on their chest plates was particularly eye-catching. 
They were a Diamond-ranked adventurer team, with an average level around 60, their strength unquestionable.  
Each of them was undoubtedly a seasoned warrior who had brushed with death countless times.  
The leader of the Blizzard Heroes was named Cecil, a fairly young man exuding a noble aura. 
Seeing him, many people politely raised their glasses in greeting, “Ah, it’s Lord Cecil. How is the Count faring these days?” 
“Thank you for asking, all is well.” 
Cecil removed his helmet as he responded.  
Like Loder, he was of imperial blood, his family holding the rank of Count. 
“Isn’t Lord Cecil known for hunting high-level monsters? What brings you here to deal with goblins?” 
The tavern owner asked while starting to pour drinks.  
Taking a sip from his glass, Cecil immediately passed it to someone beside him, clearly unaccustomed to such inferior wine. 
He then said, “It’s because of my useless cousin. He got captured by goblins, so I plan to handle it personally.” 
“I see.” 
The tavern owner felt a bit awkward; after all, that had been his best wine. 
However, he didn’t mind too much since nobles certainly had different tastes. 
At this moment, an even more arrogant voice sounded from the entrance, “Ha! Cecil, you think you can handle it all by yourself? Did I come here for nothing then?” 
An old man with white hair slowly walked in. 
He leaned on a long red crystal staff, his long white beard matching his fully white hair.  
Wearing a gray wizard hat that looked extremely old and pointed, he made quite a peculiar sight. 
“What! The Gray Hat Wizard, Gru! He’s here too!” 
The tavern erupted in excitement once more! 
This Gray Hat Wizard was said to have been an evil wizard in the past, feared by many. That’s why he was so audacious. 
But later on, for some unknown reason, he turned to good and established the Gray Hat Heroes. 
When he founded his group, they were immediately granted a Diamond-level badge. 
Several gray-hatted wizards followed behind him. 
Cecil didn’t get angry; instead, he maintained his noble courtesy, “Master Gru, it’s an honor to meet you.” 
“Hmph, cut the flattery. I’m broke, really broke. If you don’t want me involved, pay up. A thousand gold coins and I’ll leave now!” 
Though Gru looked old, his voice was strong and powerful. 
It was as if he had already decided the outcome. 
Cecil smiled wryly, “A thousand gold coins? That’s no small sum, Master Gru. How about we negotiate?” 
“No negotiation. Not a coin less. If you don’t have the money, I’ll go to your father for it!” 
Gru said firmly, looking like an old scoundrel with no respect for others. 
While they were arguing, a voice rang out from the corner of the tavern, “How amusing. You think just because the Sword Saintess is lying low, you can put on a show? Don’t forget, that cold-blooded woman is also in Bright Town this time.” 
“The cold-blooded woman?” 
“Who is that? Never heard of her.” 
“You idiot, you don’t even know her? Epic-level adventurer! Lucy Lina! She leads the  Cold-Blooded Mercenaries!” 
“Damn, why are all these dangerous people showing up? I heard she’ll kill good people for money! Several philanthropists have died by her hand!” 
“Shh! She might slit your throat, shut up!” 
The mention of her name silenced the entire tavern; no one dared to speak up. 
They feared falling victim to her stealth. 
From the corner, the man in the cloak spoke again, “Ha, a bunch of cowards calling yourselves adventurers? Go home and drink your milk.” 
“Oh? You are…the Wandering Hero?!” 
Cecil recognized the man at this moment. He was also a Diamond-ranked adventurer. 
He wandered the world, his real name unknown to anyone. 
The Wandering Hero looked surprised, “I didn’t expect a noble like Lord Cecil to know the title of a street rat like me. I’m truly honored.” 
“You’re too modest. So, we have three Diamond adventurer teams here, and those Cold-Blooded Mercenaries with Lucy Lina, as well.” 
Cecil pondered. 
A Diamond-level adventurer team didn’t mean every member was Diamond-ranked. 
Usually, only one member was. 
For instance, the Wandering Hero, Cecil of the Blizzard Heroes, and Gru the Gray Hat; these three were the Diamond-ranked ones, while their team members were mostly platinum or even gold rank. 
It’s said that people would rather be the head of a chicken than the tail of a phoenix. 
But there were also teams where everyone was Diamond-ranked, though they were very rare. 
The Wandering Hero spoke again, “Don’t look at me like that. I have no intention of tussling with you, and I’m even less interested in goblins. Those creatures are disgusting.” 
“Ah? Then why did you come here?” Cecil asked, puzzled. 
Bright Town was quite a remote place in the Lionheart Empire, and it took considerable time to get here. 
The Wandering Hero chuckled lightly, “Would you believe me if I said I just happened to wander into this place?” 
Everyone rolled their eyes at him. 
What did the word ‘adventurer’ mean? 
It meant going on adventures, challenging dangers. How could it be just a coincidence? 
“Hahaha, just kidding. I’m not interested in goblins, but that Dragon Island—now that I’m very interested in. If I could slay an ancient dragon, I might become an Epic hero, right?” 
The Wandering Hero spoke with great anticipation. 
Dealing with goblins, such low-level matters, couldn’t compare to dragon slaying. 
That’s why he had come here. 
Besides, many weren’t here for the goblins; they were here for the dragons. 
The Wandering Hero continued, “By the way, a reminder: although goblins are a low-level race, don’t be deceived by their simplicity. While many goblins are low-level monsters, they can evolve. They have no reproductive isolation and can produce stronger offspring. Especially evolved goblins, they are extremely terrifying!” 
“Hmph, makes sense. I’ve lived nearly a hundred years and have seen more goblins than you’ve seen women.” 
Gru’s previously arrogant voice now turned solemn. “This race could be considered the most powerful in the world! They’ve existed since ancient times, always the enemy of all other races. Even after thousands of years of killing, they haven’t been wiped out. 
Hehe, do you think goblins can be underestimated? If not for the imperial bounty of three hundred gold coins, I wouldn’t be getting involved in this mess.” 
Cecil, always a humble person, grew more cautious after hearing this. 
Thinking carefully, even the Sword Saintess had been driven to despair and lost her fighting spirit. 
These goblins might indeed be unusual. 
They had analyzed it, not just mindlessly believing the Sword Saintess couldn’t handle a group of goblins. 
Various factors were at play, like deaths in Bright Town, dragons, and several Imperial Knight Regiments perishing, plus long-term guarding duties, among other things. 
This led to the current situation. 
Though her reputation was tarnished, it couldn’t completely overshadow the Sword Saintess’s brilliance. 
“Alright then, Master Gru, let’s join forces to deal with those goblins. You can keep the gold coins, I won’t take any reward.” Cecil finally decided. 
His original purpose wasn’t for the bounty but to eliminate the goblins on his family’s orders, proving their superiority to Loder’s family. 
Indirectly, this would show the emperor that their family was far superior to the Stantmont family. 
But the situation had changed. To ensure success, it was better to team up with others. 
Gru’s old eyes gleamed with a sly smile, “Hahaha, since Lord Cecil is so generous, I won’t refuse! Let’s join forces. Even against a Goblin Leader or Goblin Overlord, we can handle it!” 
“Ah, looks like those three hundred gold coins aren’t for us.” 
“No worries, let’s just watch the show.” 
“Weren’t we mainly here to see the Sword Saintess’s disgrace? Mission accomplished.” 
Some sighed, some lamented. 
They had hoped to try their luck and earn three hundred gold coins, thinking it was just goblins. 
But with two Diamond adventurers joining forces, there was no chance. 
Cecil, Gru, and the others quickly packed up and left the tavern, finding a spot on the street to discuss their battle plan. 
“In my opinion, let’s solve this with brute force. The Sword Saintess failed because she was held back and couldn’t fight properly,” Gru suggested. 
Cecil remained cautious, “There are too many unknowns. We should first find their location, observe, and then make specific plans.” 
“You young people are too cautious. It’s so troublesome. Leave those tasks to you then.” Gru grumbled. 
Cecil didn’t refuse, “That works. Hmm? Wait!” 
He looked toward the entrance of Bright Town. 
A mysterious figure clad entirely in rusty armor approached, covered so thoroughly that not even a finger or patch of skin was visible. 
It was the type of heavy armor that offered extremely high defense. 
For an ordinary person, walking a few steps in it would be strenuous. 
This person also carried a greatsword on their back. Yes, a greatsword! 
A weapon half a meter wide and one and a half meters long. 
“My goodness, that guy is truly bizarre.” 
Cecil couldn’t help but remark. Estimating the newcomer’s strength, he thought of recruiting him, “Hey! Sir, would you like to join us for a chat?” 
Hearing someone call out, the heavily armored figure slowly walked over. 
“What’s the matter?” 
The voice that came from the figure was deep and commanding, likely altered with a voice changer. 
This only piqued Cecil’s curiosity more, “How should we address you? Why are you dressed in such heavy armor, even disguising your voice?” 
“That’s my personal business. If that’s all, I won’t be staying.” 
The mysterious figure in heavy armor turned to leave. 
At this moment, Gru spoke up, “Didn’t expect Goblin Slayer to come here. Or rather, of course Goblin Slayer would come. Why don’t we have a chat?” 
… 
Discord (announcements and updates!)? <a href="https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC">https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC</a> 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 35: The Mysterious Goblin Slayer 
TL: Sungmin 
The heavily armored mysterious man was none other than the infamous Goblin Slayer. 
He wasn’t an adventurer and didn’t belong to any faction. 
He simply enjoyed slaughtering goblins. 
If he had to be assigned a rank, it would be around the Epic level, as stories about him circulated widely throughout the Empire. 
Cecil felt awkward for a moment. “Truly rude of me, I apologize for not recognizing you.” 
“I never hoped for too many people to know me. Being able to quietly slaughter goblins is enough.” Goblin Slayer said indifferently. 
Old Gru took the opportunity to mock, “Haha, Lord Cecil, haven’t you even heard of Goblin Slayer? He’s someone who has killed goblin leaders, you know. 
By the way, they say in one battle you killed thousands of goblins. Is it true? Your combat prowess almost rivals the Sword Saintess!” 
Thousands?! 
Upon hearing this, Cecil’s face was full of astonishment. 
That’s way too many! And there were goblin leaders among them! 
Goblin Slayer started to get a bit impatient. “True or not, it doesn’t matter. Even if I killed tens of thousands, there are still endless goblins to kill.” 
Seeing his impatience, Gru quickly explained their intention. “We plan to join forces to wipe out that group of goblins. How about cooperating with us, Lord Goblin Slayer?” 
“Yes, yes, even the Sword Saintess fell to the goblins. It’s better to cooperate.” 
Hearing how powerful he was, Cecil eagerly wanted to recruit him. 
“Cooperate? I have done that with people before, but every time they got killed by goblins. I think I’ll pass.” Goblin Slayer politely declined. 
Cecil felt troubled. This guy was too arrogant, right? 
He even emphasized that the Sword Saintess fell. Was he really that confident? 
Gru wanted to say more, but Goblin Slayer interrupted again, “You need to join forces, but I don’t. Do you want to know why?” 
“You!” 
Gru suddenly crushed the cookie in his hand, his old face twitching. “Aren’t you being too arrogant! If you get caught by goblins and have your limbs chopped off and cooked, don’t cry for help!” 
He couldn’t hold back anymore. 
Previously, if anyone dared to speak like this, he would have blasted them with a powerful spell. 
Cecil, sensing the complexity of the situation, quickly tried to calm things down. “Forget it, forget it. It’s fine if we don’t cooperate.” 
“Hmph, I just hope you won’t come begging me for help then.” 
Goblin Slayer left without looking back. 
Leaving the two behind, one bewildered and the other angry. 
Cecil couldn’t help but smile bitterly. “What a strange person.” 
“Tch, just a pure waste. So he killed a few goblins, who gave him such a big face? Someone might think he cleared out some high-tier monsters, maybe even cleaned up the Great Tomb!” 
Gru muttered angrily. 
The Great Tomb was the largest monster gathering place in the Lionheart Empire, rumored to have a twelfth-tier demon king. 
It had always been a tough challenge, even the Sword Saintess avoided it. 
Then Gru stood up abruptly. “Let’s go! What are you still dawdling for? Quickly clean up those trash, I don’t want to stay in this damn place for another moment!” 
“Now? Are you sure we shouldn’t prepare more?” 
Cecil felt a bit wary, knowing even the Sword Saintess suffered a loss. 
Gru snorted coldly. “Prepare for what? Just goblins, can’t we handle them together? If we don’t act now, that guy will steal the credit!” 
“That’s true.” 
With that, the two of them and their team set out. 
… 
On a hillside far from the town, a large green head poked out. 
Those cold eyes became more and more unsettling the longer you looked at them. 
Lin Tian used the Elven ‘Keen’ skill to observe the three from a distance, calculating in his mind. 
“Goblin Slayer? I didn’t expect such a character to exist, someone who specifically hunts goblins. There are too many weirdos.” 
Previously, Loder and his group of perverts enjoyed torturing the weak. 
Now there was someone who specialized in hunting goblins. 
What did goblins ever do to them? Oh wait, probably everything. 
[Goblin Slayer: Lv65<br/>
Race: Human<br/>
Profession: None<br/>
Title: Goblin Slayer, Goblin Charmer, Tyrant, Massacring Maniac, One Who Shouldn’t Exist…<br/>
Health: 900<br/>
Strength: 260<br/>
Defense: 450<br/>
Skills: Heavy Strike, Father’s Blood<br/>
Equipment: Rusty Iron Armor, Rusty Broadsword<br/>
Overall: 1000~3000] 
“Hiss!” 
Looking at Goblin Slayer’s stats panel, Lin Tian didn’t know what to say. 
How did the stats range from one thousand to three thousand? 
Was this a joke? 
“System, are you kidding me? Or did something go wrong?” Lin Tian quickly asked. 
However, the system gave an annoyingly official response, “Sorry host, there is no issue here.” 
He couldn’t think of any more questions to ask. 
So be it, he decided to check the attribute panels of the other two. 
Cecil, with an overall combat power of only 1300, held the profession of ‘Holy Knight’ and possessed skills that restrained monsters. 
Gru, with a slightly higher combat power of 1400, was a ‘Great Mage’ with a multitude of skills, making him quite difficult to deal with. 
Watching them leave Bright Town, Lin Tian also mounted Little Huan and set off ahead. 
“These two Diamond-level guys seem pretty dumb. They shouldn’t be a big problem, but that Goblin Slayer… I need to think more about him.” 
… 
Riding on horseback, Cecil and his team soon arrived at the vicinity of the former Tian Kuang Tribe site. 
There was nothing left; it had been specially cleaned up to blend in with the surrounding environment. 
This created a misleading effect. 
It made those who came looking for trouble think that the tribe hadn’t moved but simply couldn’t be found. 
“Hiss? Such a big goblin tribe should have been discovered by now. This enchanted forest area isn’t that big.” 
Old Gru spoke in confusion, feeling that something was off. 
Cecil also said, “There are many traces of battles along the way. Although they are from a long time ago, they prove that the tribe was around here.” 
The two teams searched for a long time and finally found something. 
“Old man, look at this.” 
At this moment, Cecil picked up a strand of golden hair. 
Gru stared at it for a long time, sniffed it, and examined it closely. “If I’m not mistaken, this is elf hair.” 
“Elf? That neutral demi-human race? No way!” 
Cecil was somewhat astonished, suddenly understanding something. 
He quickly said, “Could it be that the elves helped the goblins hide? That can’t be!” 
Goblins were a race everyone wanted to eliminate on sight. 
If this were true, there must be a high-level intelligent species among them! 
“It doesn’t seem like hiding. I’ve scouted this area and found no caves. The elves probably helped them move and hide their tracks well.” 
Gru said solemnly, starting to think. 
Elves were well-known for their excellent concealment and stealth skills. 
Finally, Gru said, “Go find a flower butterfly. These butterflies love the scent of elves.” 
After busying themselves for a while, they finally brought back a brightly colored butterfly. 
Once at the spot, Cecil opened the bottle and released it. 
The butterfly seemed to have a purpose and began flying in a specific direction. 
“Follow it.” Gru instructed. 
The group walked, marking their path as they went. 
Eventually, they followed it to the riverbank. 
“Damn, they might have crossed the river. The butterfly has lost the scent.” 
Gru cursed inwardly, scanning the surroundings. 
Without the butterfly’s guidance, they were like headless flies. 
Cecil sighed, “It’s been almost a day, and we haven’t even found a trace. Let’s wait for Goblin Slayer to find them, and we’ll act first.” 
They couldn’t find them, but Goblin Slayer might have a way. 
Gru, however, didn’t want to work with that guy, even if it meant taking advantage. “Hmph, it’s unnecessary. Hmm? Look at the edge of the forest across the river!” 
They saw a big goblin wandering at the forest’s edge. 
Upon seeing Cecil and his group, it turned and ran into the forest. 
“Chase it!!!” 
… 
Discord (announcements and updates!)? <a href="https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC">https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC</a> 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 36: Perverse Goblin Virtue! 
TL: Sungmin 
Upon seeing the goblin, Cecil and his companions immediately tensed up! 
They waded through the river without hesitation, pursuing into the forest on the other side. 
On the other side, Lin Tian’s lips curled into a smile, “Very good, the prey has taken the bait, though it seems to be aiming to be the oriole after the cicada…” 
In the dense forest behind, a mysterious figure in heavy armor approached slowly. 
The figure reached the riverbank. 
Upon seeing who it was, Lin Tian frowned slightly. 
In his plan, he intended to deal with those two idiots first, but he didn’t expect Goblin Slayer to follow as well. 
At this moment, Goblin Slayer emitted strange noises from his mouth. 
It sounded like he was very pleased? Extremely excited and thrilled, “Great, hehehe, wonderful, so beautiful!” 
Under that armor, his eyes were glowing! 
This confused Lin Tian, “Is this guy having a mental orgasm, what’s he laughing at?” 
Goblin Slayer then untied the weapon on his back and slowly removed that mysterious helmet with his hand. 
The revealed appearance wasn’t that of a bearded man or a scar-faced brute. 
Instead, it was a striking woman with jade-like fair skin and slightly curly long hair. Her deep green eyes were like a lush, enchanting forest. 
Her red lips and white teeth were just like an angel from a medieval painting. 
However, upon closer inspection, one could notice her ears were slightly pointed. 
Lin Tian thought his eyes were deceiving him, “No way? A woman? Wearing such heavy armor just to conceal her gender? And what’s with those ears?” 
Immediately after, Goblin Slayer started removing her leg armor. 
Those legs were so beautiful they took one’s breath away, too white and long, with clearly defined muscle lines. 
Probably developed from years of wearing heavy armor, they were as exceptionally beautiful as ancient Roman sculptures. 
“Bang!” 
When the heavy chest armor hit the ground, what came into view was a bra bound with circles of white bandages. 
Exposing her graceful collarbones and navel. 
“Bandages? This hits my kink too hard! Can’t imagine how fragrant this person must be! I must capture her and make her my exclusive breeding tool!” 
Lin Tian swallowed, tempted to act immediately to subdue her! 
But in the end, reason triumphed over desire. 
Her strength was unknown, and he didn’t dare to act rashly. 
Better to deal with those two idiots ahead first. 
He even suspected she had discovered him and was deliberately trying to lure him out. 
At this moment, Goblin Slayer had shed all her clothes, like a fallen angel bathing in the river. 
She started washing every part of her body in the clear river water. 
She was like a scorching pure white lotus, making one’s blood boil. 
Lin Tian had never felt this way before, as if he were mesmerized by her! 
After watching for a while, he finally chose to leave, as the fight ahead was about to start. 
“What kind of intelligent variant is this? I really want to have a good taste~” 
In the river, Goblin Slayer muttered to herself expectantly. 
Her eyes were full of longing, her expression excited and hard to contain. 
Her face had turned red. 
… 
That big goblin was still running wildly, only stopping after covering several dozen miles in one go, collapsing from exhaustion. 
He ran so far to create a misleading impression. 
Making everyone think the tribe was in the forest several dozen miles across the river. 
“Damn it! Is that guy a dog? Running so fast and so far!” 
Gru couldn’t help cursing, even the carnivorous horses couldn’t catch up. 
Fortunately, the carnivorous horses had far more endurance than goblins. 
Cecil’s nerves tightened, “He stopped. Everyone, be careful, the goblin tribe must be nearby.” 
Hearing this, everyone became vigilant. 
Suddenly, the sound of something cutting through the air rang out! 
“Whoosh!” 
An arrow flew from an unknown direction, hitting the horse under Gru, causing it to struggle frantically. 
Throwing him off in the process. 
Gru got up and wielded his red crystal magic staff, launching an attack towards the dense forest ahead. 
“Boom!” 
A violent explosion occurred, accompanied by blazing flames! 
“Boom, boom, boom!” 
One after another, wild blasts shattered most of the surrounding trees, opening up the view. 
Cecil quickly shouted, “Careful! Goblins are attacking!” 
Gobu Kuang stood up from behind the bushes, holding a black iron sword and a large battle axe, which were the weapons of Kasimov and the Battle Roar Captain. 
Seeing this, Gru fired a fierce attack at him, “Die!” 
Flames instantly engulfed Gobu Kuang’s massive form. 
“That guy is likely a hero variant, focus fire!” Gru continued shouting. 
The Gray Hat members all used fireball magic, bombarding Gobu Kuang ferociously. 
If it were a human, not even ashes would remain. 
Cecil felt a bit embarrassed watching, “That’s enough, Old Man Gru, that guy has long been reduced to ashes.” 
However. 
When the flames dissipated, Gobu Kuang stood there unscathed. 
His four hands were raised in front of him, and combined with the blocking battle axe, he was almost unharmed. 
Only the skin on his four hands had peeled back, looking quite painful. 
Instantly, Gru’s heart trembled, “What! He isn’t dead? It seems he is indeed a hero variant. Keep attacking!” 
From a distance, on a large rock, Goblin Slayer stood straight, observing everything ahead. 
She couldn’t help but sneer, “They don’t even know that Four-Handed Goblins have magic resistance. They’ll probably all meet their end here.” 
“Look around! Goblins are approaching, and they’re all big variants!” At this moment, Cecil exclaimed. 
A group of heavily armed big goblins was rapidly approaching, at least dozens of them! 
Gru then realized they were surrounded, “Damn it! Why do these goblins have iron armor and iron swords? We must not let them get close! Cecil, it’s up to you now! High-level magic · Life Spring!” 
Immediately, he activated his skill, creating a spring emitting blue light at everyone’s feet. 
In this area, they could continuously recover their strength. 
It was equivalent to sustained mana regeneration, allowing for continuous spellcasting. 
Cecil and his team guarded the group of Gray Hat mages. 
“Mid-tier magic · Ice Spike!” 
“Mid-tier magic · Quicksand Field!” 
“Mid-tier magic · Rain of Retribution!” 
For a moment, all sorts of dazzling magical attacks appeared. 
There was ice, water, sand, fire, and so on. 
They truly managed to suppress the group of big goblins, preventing them from approaching. 
However, only three had died so far. 
Because it was a wheel battle, one or two hundred fully armed big goblins took turns surrounding and approaching. 
The injured ones would retreat behind the big rocks for treatment by Ifreya. 
Once healed, they would continue fighting. 
But this was not a sustainable method. Lin Tian instructed, “Gobu Tian, try to create an opportunity for Gobu Kuang to charge in.” 
“Yes, boss!” 
From the top of a large tree, Gobu Tian descended directly from the sky!  
“Kekeke!” 
He jumped onto Gru’s head, who was casting Life Spring. 
He continuously tore at Gru’s face with his claws, making it a bloody mess in an instant! 
Gru screamed in pain and quickly interrupted his spell, “High-level shield!” 
“Bang!” 
A shockwave erupted from him, forming a blue shield that blasted Gobu Tian away. 
But it also created an opportunity for Gobu Kuang and his companions. 
Mindless charge! 
Gobu Kuang roared, constantly swinging the weapons in his hands. 
Cecil and his group were so frightened they visibly took half a step back, shouting, “Don’t be afraid! Shield bearers! Where are the shield bearers?” 
Two knights pulled out large silver shields from their backs! 
“Clang!” 
A harsh sound of metal collision rang out, actually blocking Gobu Kuang! 
But it only blocked Gobu Kuang. 
Everyone else was instantly overwhelmed by a large number of goblins! 
Screams echoed! 
Seeing the dire situation, Cecil placed his longsword before him and began chanting, “Holy Lord, I shall use Your power to drive out the demons, super-level magic · Holy Light Enchantment!” 
“Swish!” 
The ordinary longsword was instantly covered in a golden holy light! 
It now looked like a two-meter-long golden greatsword. 
“Your Highness, save me!” 
A knight was pinned down by a goblin, who was frantically tearing at his armor. Seeing the exposed flesh, the goblin bit into his arm. 
A large chunk of flesh was bitten off just like that. 
The big goblin was still chewing when suddenly, the holy light-covered longsword pierced through it! 
The goblin lost all reaction. 
Cecil commanded, “Everyone, gather around me! Don’t scatter! Old man Gru, how long until your attack magic is ready?” 
“Almost there, I just got ambushed, why didn’t you pay more attention!” 
Gru could no longer worry about attack magic, first casting healing magic to heal the wounds on his face. 
Any later and it would have been too late. 
Cecil’s Blizzard Heroes finally reacted. 
They began using the ‘Blizzard Formation’. 
Seven people formed a hexagonal snowflake shape. 
In the center was another healing-type paladin in the team, responsible for restoring everyone’s strength. 
And Gru and the other mages who were recuperating. 
Cecil, holding the holy light sword, stood alone against the side with the most goblins, forcing the goblins to stay away. 
“Oh? A paladin, quite unexpected.” 
From a distance, Goblin Slayer spoke in surprise, but then her tone shifted, “Unfortunately, they underestimate goblins, such a beautiful and powerful species.” 
Gru couldn’t help but be satisfied, “Indeed, I chose the right team to join forces with. I’m ready too, let’s kill them all!” 
He then reactivated the Life Spring. 
The Gray Hat members were ready to continue their unlimited firepower. 
Seeing this situation, Lin Tian couldn’t help but sigh, “Indeed, a Diamond-level adventurer team, their level is much higher than expected.” 
Qualified output, qualified defense. 
If it were any other goblin tribe, even with ten hero variants, they probably wouldn’t stand a chance. 
What a pity they came to the wrong place. 
“Gobu Shan, what are you waiting for?” 
As soon as Lin Tian finished speaking, a goblin covered in bone spikes and armor stepped forward, “Boss, then I won’t hold back! Kekeke!” 
“What is that thing, a goblin?!” 
Seeing Gobu Shan, Cecil and his team were shocked. 
It was their first time seeing such a strange creature. 
Covered in bone spikes and bone armor! 
Gru sensed something was wrong, his pupils constricted as he realized, “Damn it! It’s a mutant variant! Focus fire on that mutant goblin!” 
… 
Discord (announcements and updates!)? <a href="https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC">https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC</a> 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 37: Instant Kill, Goblin Slayer’s Strength! 
TL: Sungmin 
Hearing this, everyone began preparing to launch an attack! 
At that moment, the ground started to shake continuously, as if something was about to emerge from below! 
The next second! 
“Swish!!!” 
Three sharp bone spikes suddenly burst out around Gru! It was like a barbecue skewer! 
Three gray hat mages were immediately skewered. 
“Help, help me…” 
“My ass! My ass got pierced!” 
“Ahhh!” 
After a few seconds of agonizing screams, the three lost their breath. 
Gobu Shan relished their screams and twisted expressions, taking a deep breath, “What a wonderful voice. Boss, can I have more?” 
“Damn pervert, do whatever you want.” 
Lin Tian felt a wave of disgust. He knew this guy was twisted, but not to this extent! 
He finally understood, ‘Look at those chrysanthemums blooming all over the mountain~.’ 
Seeing this, Cecil raised the Holy Light Sword and charged first, slashing at Gobu Shan. 
Facing an attack that had a restraining effect on monsters, Gobu Shan did not even attempt to dodge. He blocked it with a swipe of his bone tail! 
His left hand transformed into a long bone spike and thrust towards Cecil. 
“This guy is hard to deal with!” 
Cecil quickly retreated, falling back into the Blizzard Formation. 
The Holy Light couldn’t cause restraining damage to pure bones. It was too difficult to fight head-on. 
At this moment, Gobu Kuang led a large batch of goblins in a fierce attack. 
The magicians, terrified by the sight of the three corpses, didn’t know what to do. They were too scared to attack, thinking only of using defensive magic to protect their fragile chrysanthemums. 
“What are you standing there for?! A bunch of idiots!” 
Gru cursed angrily, preparing to use magic to repel the goblins. 
But then he felt a chill below! 
He quickly stepped back. 
“Swish!” 
Another bone spike shot up. 
Gru panted heavily in fear, “That was close! Almost lost my chrysanthemum!” 
“Shame, boss. Should we go all out now?” Gobu Shan asked. 
Seeing their formation already disrupted, Lin Tian said, “It’s about time, finish them off!” 
“Roar!” 
Gobu Kuang lifted the silver shield of a shield bearer and swung his massive axe wildly. 
With one strike, the shield knight’s armor cracked. The second strike left him dizzy. By the third strike, he was split in half. 
Over a hundred big goblins joined the attack! 
Facing this frenzied assault, Cecil couldn’t care less about anything else. “Run! Retreat! I think we’ve fallen into a trap! Why are there so many big goblins?! So many!!!” 
Logically, a goblin tribe should mostly consist of low-level small goblins. 
Those were easy to kill. 
But now, they faced over a hundred fully armed big goblins! 
There were even hero variants and mutant variants! 
As Cecil and the others tried to mount their horses to escape, a volley of arrows whizzed through the air! 
“Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh!” 
A barrage of arrows scattered their carnivorous horses. 
There was no way to ride them. 
Cecil’s legs trembled in fear, “It’s over. I should have expected the elves would use ambush tactics, should have known!!” 
Then, he ignored the others and ran forward in a frenzy. 
Behind him, screams of agony filled the air! 
Cecil turned around and saw what seemed like the most tragic scene in the world! He was so scared he nearly cried, “I have to escape! I have to escape! Dad! I surrender, send the regular army!” 
He saw seven or eight people skewered by Gobu Shan’s bone spikes, avoiding fatal points, leaving them writhing in agony but unable to break free. 
They made pitiful squeals. 
“Hehehe, Gobu Kuang, don’t kill them yet. Let me play with them first.” Gobu Shan laughed wickedly. 
Gobu Kuang shoved Gru onto a bone spike in front of him, “Alright.” 
“No, no! Cecil! Save me!” 
Gru’s tears and snot flowed freely from the pain, veins bulging on his forehead, his eyes nearly popping out! 
But Cecil had no intention of helping him. 
He noticed something moving quickly through the surrounding trees! 
Too fast! He was quickly overtaken! 
“Help, someone help me!” 
Cecil finally burst into tears. After all, he was just a nineteen-year-old who had barely reached adulthood. 
With death closing in around him, he couldn’t hold it together anymore. 
At that moment, he saw a figure, a full-armor figure that brought a sense of safety! 
Goblin Slayer! 
“Sir! Please, save me!” 
Cecil stretched out his hand and shouted, his face full of pleading! 
If possible, he wouldn’t hesitate to kneel before her. 
Seeing their miserable state was within Goblin Slayer’s expectations, “Just a mutant variant? Well, it might be a bit interesting.” 
Cecil used all his strength, faster! Faster! 
He had to reach her side quickly! 
But disaster always struck faster than him. 
The goblin assassins from the bushes immediately acted, jumping on him and starting to stab and bite crazily. 
Fortunately, Cecil’s armor was thick, so he wasn’t injured, but his steps were slowed down. 
He stumbled, unable to walk properly. 
No matter what he did, he couldn’t shake off the goblins; they clung to him like glue. 
His weapon was snatched first. 
This was Lin Tian’s special training for the goblins, to steal weapons whenever possible. 
Suddenly, Cecil’s vision went black! 
Gobu Tian leaped out and grabbed his face, his claws sharper than makeshift short swords. 
A few scratches destroyed the helmet. 
Gobu Tian opened his foul-smelling mouth full of sharp teeth, ready to bite down! 
As if having a buffet. 
“Whoosh!” 
At this moment, a dagger flew over, stabbing Gobu Tian in the back! 
In pain, he jumped away, twisting on the ground as if in extreme agony! 
Sensing something was wrong, he stumbled and ran towards Lin Tian. 
The other goblin assassins were also hit by daggers. 
All of them twisted on the ground in pain, as if they were trying to break their own bones! 
Finally, they let out a final scream and lost their breath. 
They died in twisted shapes. 
Cecil crawled to Goblin Slayer’s feet, trembling, “Thank you! Thank you! I will repay you!” 
“Will you obey?” Goblin Slayer asked calmly, picking up the daggers as she spoke. 
Cecil nodded frantically. 
Goblin Slayer then said, “If you obey, then get as far away from me as possible, you ridiculous child.” 
“What are you going to do? Don’t go! This isn’t an ordinary goblin tribe, there’s definitely a Goblin Overlord! This is the first time I’ve seen a tribe where only big variants are fighting! Don’t go, don’t go!” 
Cecil almost shouted, wishing he could kneel and beg her. 
However, Goblin Slayer didn’t care, “Really? I was worried there wouldn’t be a Goblin Overlord. The more, the better; that would satisfy me.” 
Then she walked forward with relaxed, powerful steps. 
At this moment, Gobu Shan and his group were toying with the skewered Gru and others. 
Facing their eyes, which looked at them like they were small barbecue skewers, they were about to collapse from fear! 
It was too cruel and terrifying! 
They wished someone would kill them quickly; the pain and torture were worse than death! 
“Swish!” 
Suddenly, a small dagger flew over. 
It stabbed into Gobu Kuang’s body. 
He could ignore such an attack, casually pulling it out, “What is this?” 
While he was still puzzled, his eyes suddenly trembled! 
Intense pain shot from the wound to his head! 
His muscles bulged, and he started crashing around wildly, biting his teeth! 
He knocked over several big trees and then slammed into a boulder, passing out on the spot. 
“What’s going on? Gobu Kuang, are you crazy?” 
Gobu Shan was shocked, and the other big goblins looked at each other, not knowing what had happened. 
Gru and the others noticed the figure in front of them, “Goblin Slayer!” 
They felt like they had seen their savior! 
They wanted to shout but didn’t dare, fearing their chrysanthemums might burst. 
After all, science showed that when people shouted loudly, their anuses would vibrate with each word. 
For those with hemorrhoids, it would push out a bit. 
Lin Tian had noticed her arrival long ago but couldn’t figure out what technique she used! 
Killing the goblin assassins was one thing, but now Gobu Kuang and Gobu Tian were down! 
Uncertain if they were dead or alive. 
Gobu Shan saw her too, swinging his bone tail and stabbing fiercely! 
Goblin Slayer caught the tail with one hand, pulled out a huge broadsword with the other, and slashed down hard! 
The entire tail was chopped off! 
Though Gobu Shan didn’t feel any pain, he lost a weapon. 
Goblin Slayer, bored, tossed the bone tail aside, shouldering the rusty broadsword, “Are you the leader of these goblins?” 
She found it hard to believe. 
How could such a rabble of goblins defeat the Sword Saintess? 
It couldn’t be their strength, could it be intelligence? 
That seemed even less likely. 
Gobu Shan was furious, “Kill her!” 
With his command, all the big goblins charged! 
Goblin Slayer remained calm, spinning with her broadsword in a whirlwind! 
Several big goblins were severely injured or had limbs severed. 
Not instantly killed, but the strange scene happened again! 
The injured goblins screamed and twisted madly! Soon, they stopped moving. 
In less than a minute, thirty to forty big goblins had died! 
Continuing to attack was just suicide. 
Lin Tian watched from the sky, his expression grim, “Damn it, what technique is she using? The system shows her skills are just basic attacks, no magic?” 
Yet now, he had suffered an unprecedented loss! 
In such a short time. 
The remaining big goblins were too scared to continue attacking. 
… 
Discord (announcements and updates!)? <a href="https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC">https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC</a> 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 38: I am the Goblin King! 
TL: Sungmin 
“Clear the way!” 
At this moment, Gobu Shan shouted loudly. 
So the goblins retreated one after another. 
In the distance, on the tree branches, graceful figures lurked, drawing their longbows. 
The sound of taut bowstrings echoed! 
“Whoosh!” 
Countless arrows shot towards Goblin Slayer. 
However, they were all blocked by the heavy iron armor. 
Lin Tian found it hard to believe, “No wonder the armor is so heavy; it can ignore ranged attacks and even withstand magic.” 
The arrows were ineffective, so the elves ceased their attack. 
Continuing to shoot would be a waste, and in a melee, they might accidentally injure the goblins. 
“Come on, entertain me.” 
Goblin Slayer said contemptuously, looking at Gobu Shan. 
It seemed she didn’t regard the mutant variant at all. 
Seeing this situation, the people who were still barely hanging on felt a glimmer of hope! 
Gru hurriedly said, “Your Excellency, can you let me down first? I beg you, I’m about to die! I have high-level recovery potions!” 
With high-level recovery potions, there was still hope. But if he continued to be skewered, not even a god could save him. 
However, Goblin Slayer swung her broad sword! 
She directly beheaded him on the spot, cutting him in half along with the bone spike! 
“Thunk!” 
The others were frightened and tensed up; she actually killed someone! 
Whose side was this guy on? 
“Quit your whining and just die already, to avoid more pain.” Goblin Slayer said nonchalantly. 
Killing a person meant nothing to her. 
Unlike the legend that said she only killed goblins, she would kill anyone she didn’t like, even humans. 
Gobu Shan’s face began to twist grotesquely, and the bone spikes on his body mutated! 
The spikes on his back grew longer, the chest armor thicker, and his tusks protruded almost covering his eyes. 
The nails on his hands turned into long sharp spikes, with bone spikes around his wrist guards providing even more protection. 
Bone horns also sprouted from his forehead. 
Blood-red energy spilled from his eyes! 
Berserk transformation! 
“A mad bull? Heh heh heh.” Goblin Slayer said calmly. 
Gobu Shan, like a crazed bull, lunged forward! 
The blood light from his claws almost seemed to carve the space itself! 
“Bang!” 
Immediately, Goblin Slayer swung her broad sword, forcibly knocking Gobu Shan away. He slammed into a boulder, cracking it. 
In the next second, Gobu Shan had already charged back! 
His bone claws scraped the heavy armor, producing an ear-piercing ‘zzz’ sound. 
After a long bout, they only left five-millimeter-deep claw marks. 
It couldn’t penetrate directly. 
Lin Tian observed from afar, realizing that using the Elemental Hand Crossbow would be useless. 
Wind, water, fire, poison—all couldn’t penetrate. 
The armor was too thick and heavy; even wind elements couldn’t create an impact. 
Perhaps lightning elements could work, but it was autumn, and he hadn’t heard a single thunderclap in a month. 
Facing the berserk Gobu Shan, Goblin Slayer didn’t want to play for too long, so she simply grabbed his bone horns and broke them off! 
She then thrust them into Gobu Shan’s eyes! 
The intense pain made him turn to flee. 
But he was grabbed by the tail again. 
“Die.” 
Goblin Slayer raised her broad sword high, ready to chop Gobu Shan to death! 
Seeing this, the other goblins rushed up! 
But it was too late. Without Gobu Kuang’s violent output and Gobu Tian’s sneak attacks, the other big goblins were at most super soldiers. 
“Crack!” 
She cut off all the bone spikes on Gobu Shan’s back and shoulders. 
However, the broad sword only embedded partway into his shoulder and didn’t go all the way through. 
Without the bone frame’s protection, he would’ve been cut in half long ago. 
Lin Tian didn’t just stand idly by; he gathered a large amount of earth elements and fired charged attacks! 
The sticky clumps of earth directly stuck to Goblin Slayer’s feet and body, making it difficult for her to move. 
In this situation, Lin Tian pondered, “Should we retreat? But this guy has many mysteries, and is an excellent breeding tool.” 
The mystery was why her dagger could temporarily incapacitate Gobu Kuang and Gobu Tian. 
Low-level goblins died immediately. 
And those ears. 
After much deliberation, Lin Tian decided to change his attack strategy. 
If melee, ranged, and ambushes didn’t work, then use attrition warfare. 
At this time, Lin Tian appeared, riding a wyvern, and commanded, “Everyone back up, form a circle! Advance when she retreats, retreat when she advances! Throw stones if you have them, use ranged attacks if you can!” 
Hearing this, Goblin Slayer was slightly surprised and looked up, “A wyvern-riding goblin?! I knew this place wouldn’t disappoint me!” 
Lin Tian continued to use earth elements to restrain her. 
The other goblins started to harass her. 
Large stones were continuously thrown at Goblin Slayer, making her stagger as she struggled to stay upright. 
Goblin Slayer mocked, “Is this all you can do? Don’t let me down.” 
“Hmph, it’s not over yet. Cut down the trees!” 
At Lin Tian’s command, the other goblins began chopping down trees over ten meters long. 
A few goblins lifted the trees and repeatedly rammed them against Goblin Slayer. 
Although the effect was minimal, constantly wearing her down would soon exhaust her. 
This lasted for over an hour. The goblins kept sweeping and ramming with the trees, bombarding her with large stones, and using earth elements to weigh her down and slow her movements. 
Finally, Goblin Slayer began to pant heavily from exhaustion. 
But the surrounding goblins were also almost too tired to continue and needed a break. 
Lin Tian proudly said, “I wonder how long you can keep this up? Underestimating the goblins will be your death!” 
At this moment, Goblin Slayer lifted the visor of her helmet. 
He was puzzled, not knowing what she intended to do. 
Goblin Slayer picked up Gru’s corpse, cut off pieces of flesh, and stuffed them into her mouth! 
After chewing a few pieces, she stuck out her rosy tongue to lick off the remaining blood and meat. 
She then put the visor back down. 
While the goblins were resting, she suddenly seemed revitalized, launching a surprise attack! 
Goblin Slayer coldly said, “Resting? How can it compare to directly replenishing energy?” 
In a flash, she was among the goblins, swinging her broad sword and killing one with each strike! Some were directly cut down, while others died from the mysterious power that caused them excruciating pain. 
The goblins who had the upper hand just moments ago were now fleeing in all directions! 
Even Gobu Shan dared not approach. 
But from a distance, Goblin Slayer pulled out a small dagger from her waist and flung it at Gobu Shan! 
Prepared for the attack, Gobu Shan watched it carefully. 
However, he had seen Gobu Kuang collapse after being stabbed just once. 
He hurriedly used his broken bone tail to block it. 
“Swish!” 
He blocked the first dagger but couldn’t stop the second. 
Immediately, around the small dagger the size of a pinky, his veins bulged! 
The pain engulfed Gobu Shan, making him feel as if a force was devouring him from within! 
He rolled on the ground in agony! 
Even the bones on his body began to fall off one by one. 
Lin Tian thought to himself that he had underestimated this Goblin Slayer. “Damn, what kind of person is this? She can recover by eating flesh? Isn’t that a goblin ability?!” 
Given the situation, it was better to retreat now. 
Gobu Kuang and Gobu Shan could die if necessary. 
After all, he already had hundreds of breeding tools and a secret cave. 
He could quickly produce more goblins. 
“To me, they are just expendable.”  
As Lin Tian prepared to take Ifreya and leave, Goblin Slayer spoke. “I can spare their lives if you let me see you. I want to see what kind of goblin can be so powerful. It’s been a long time, seven years? No, ten years since I’ve seen such a clever and strong goblin.” 
Tactics, behind-the-scenes control, dragon riding, controlling elves, and cultivating so many high-level variants. 
Such an existence was exceptional among goblins. 
In some ways, even the Goblin King had not achieved this. 
Lin Tian sneered, “Spare me that nonsense. Do you think I’ll believe you?” 
Hearing this, Goblin Slayer threw away her broad sword. 
“Clang!” 
She wasn’t done yet; she began removing her armor! She took off her helmet. 
Revealing her fluffy, slightly curly golden hair and beautiful face, she asked, “Is this enough?” 
Seeing her revealed, the goblins watching from afar were stunned! 
She was incredibly beautiful! 
The kind that stirred one’s desires. 
But in front of them was a rose with thorns; thinking was one thing, but no one dared to approach. 
Even those skewered individuals, and Cecil, were dumbfounded, “A woman? Goblin Slayer is actually a woman!” 
Seeing this, Lin Tian was completely bewildered. What was this woman up to? 
She had discarded her sword and helmet. 
Now Lin Tian was confident he could subdue her, using poison elements to accurately hit her head. 
However, she mentioned sparing Gobu Shan and others, which meant there was still hope. 
He signaled Xiao Huan to slowly land. 
Preparing to negotiate with her. 
Goblin Slayer’s breath became rapid and heated, her beautiful face flushed. 
She looked as if she was on the verge of a climax, “Huff, huff, what kind of goblin are you?” 
Finally, Lin Tian dismounted from the dragon, standing about ten meters away from her. 
“What!” 
Seeing Lin Tian’s appearance, Goblin Slayer’s expression changed instantly. 
From ecstatic and excited to shocked and confused, “Impossible, how can you be a low-level goblin?” 
“As you wished, satisfied? Now save the one over there, and the other goblins too.” Lin Tian said coldly. 
But Goblin Slayer tilted her head, looking puzzled, unable to accept this, “How can this be? Impossible, impossible.” 
She looked quite cute like this. 
But there was no time to waste, Gobu Shan was convulsing and foaming at the mouth. 
“Are you playing with me?” 
Lin Tian’s eyes were filled with murderous intent, ready to act immediately. 
Reluctantly, Goblin Slayer took out a small bottle containing bright red liquid. 
She walked over to Gobu Shan and dripped a drop into his mouth. 
Soon, he calmed down, just lying on the ground gasping for breath, unable to move. 
She then went to Gobu Kuang and Gobu Tian, giving each a drop of the liquid. 
Lin Tian frowned, asking suspiciously, “Are you a witch? What kind of disgusting sorcery is this?” 
It seemed like she was using witchcraft. 
“Witchcraft? Hmph, who uses that stuff? I am the Goblin King.” 
Goblin Slayer stopped and looked at Lin Tian with determination, saying each word clearly. 
… 
Discord (announcements and updates!)? <a href="https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC">https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC</a> 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 39: Goblin Slayer’s True Identity! 
TL: Sungmin 
“Goblin King?!!!” 
Hearing these words, Lin Tian almost felt his brain shrink. 
The woman in front of him was the Goblin King? What nonsense! 
Seeing his exaggerated reaction, Goblin Slayer smiled lightly. “Just teasing you. Do you want to know my true identity? Follow me to the grove for a more… intimate conversation, and I’ll tell you.” 
Lin Tian’s intuition told him that this woman was terrifying and definitely not someone to mess with! 
Going into the grove? 
He estimated that she might eat him alive; after all, she had just eaten a person. 
“I know what you’re afraid of. Yes, I am the Goblin Slayer. I love hunting powerful goblins and mating with them. After mating, I kill them! 
It’s been almost ten years, and I haven’t met a goblin worthy of me. But you, you have that qualification.” 
Goblin Slayer spoke seriously, her eyes again revealing a surging desire. 
She was like a succubus. 
Lin Tian swallowed hard, but this woman’s identity was too complicated and unknown. 
Mating was fine, but he had to poison her first. 
Goblin Slayer continued, “Although you are in the form of a low-level goblin, you possess wisdom comparable to a Goblin King. It really excites me! Please, agree to this. Give yourself to me! Let me possess you!” 
As she spoke, she began to move towards Lin Tian. 
“Damn, is she crazy or doing this on purpose?” 
Lin Tian was so frightened that he kept retreating. He didn’t want to get touched by this thorny rose. 
What kind of woman would act like this? 
And she was such a beautiful woman. 
Lin Tian didn’t even need a mirror to know that no woman would like a hideous pig like him. 
Goblin Slayer’s longing and pleading eyes stared at him intently. She added, “I promise I won’t kill you after mating. I’ll stay with you. I want to see what kind of being you will become! Come on, my dear!” 
As she spoke, she began to chase Lin Tian. 
The remaining big goblins around hesitated, wanting to help but deeply fearing this woman. 
“It’s so embarrassing, being liked by such a beautiful woman but not daring to make a move!” 
Lin Tian was almost in tears. He and the goblin circled around the small flying dragon, dodging like Qin chasing the King. 
“Give me! Give me! Let me possess every inch of you!” Goblin Slayer shouted excitedly from behind. 
Her eyes had turned into heart shapes! 
From a distance, Lia and the others approached, confused. “Boss, what’s going on?” 
“What are you standing there for? Help me! This woman is crazy!” 
Lin Tian hurriedly called for help. 
Seeing the situation, Lia felt a bit awkward. “But Boss, you don’t seem to be in any danger? Isn’t mating with other species what you love? Just try it.” 
At this time, Gobu Shan and Gobu Kuang had already woken up. 
Seeing that calling Lia was useless, Lin Tian shouted, “You guys, quickly stop this human for me!” 
“Boss! Don’t harm my master! Come at me if you have to!” 
Gobu Kuang woke up, shook his head vigorously, and rushed over as soon as he saw the situation! 
Hearing this, Lin Tian felt a bit displeased. Even if he had to die, he couldn’t let this big fool have it easy. 
However, Gobu Kuang, who had rushed up, suddenly froze. 
He stood there mechanically, not moving. 
Even Gobu Shan and Gobu Tian, who had gotten up, did the same. 
Lin Tian sensed something was wrong, very wrong. “What are you idiots standing there for? Are you all brainless?” 
“Don’t bother. They’re under my control now, hehe!” 
Goblin Slayer even let out a villainous laugh! 
Lin Tian was on the verge of tears. He understood now; he had become the victim, right? 
Not long after, he was exhausted. 
Goblin Slayer caught him and hugged him tightly. 
“Damn it, you crazy woman, what do you want?” 
Lin Tian struggled hard, but he feared she would use the same method she had on Gobu Shan and the others. He couldn’t withstand that. 
He didn’t dare to really fight back. 
But looking at the loving hearts in her beautiful green eyes and feeling her hot breath, he felt she truly had no ill intentions. 
No, it should be full of ill intentions. 
But this ill intention didn’t feel malicious to Lin Tian. Who would think a beautiful woman wanting to ravish you was malicious? 
“Got you, my adorable little thing.” 
Goblin Slayer hugged Lin Tian and dragged him into the grove. 
In front of him, she began to remove her armor. 
She revealed her white body wrapped in mysterious white bandages. 
Lin Tian’s own desires began to burn, but he still asked, “Are you serious, beautiful?” 
For the first time, he hesitated in front of a beautiful woman. 
Goblin Slayer didn’t say a word and entwined herself with Lin Tian. 
Outside the bushes. 
Lia and the others, including Cecil and the barely alive adventurers, were dumbfounded, listening to the rhythmic, soft moans! 
They had been fighting fiercely, but how did it turn into this? 
Their jaws almost dropped to the ground, even their upper jaws were about to fall off. 
“No way, why would Goblin Slayer do this?! And she’s such a beautiful woman too!” 
Cecil held his head from a distance, completely unable to understand. 
Having lived in the capital for so long, what beautiful women hadn’t he seen? None compared to this Goblin Slayer. 
This development seemed completely abnormal. 
More like a beast, no, more like a goblin! 
Desire above all else! 
In the bushes, Lin Tian couldn’t help but reveal a satisfied and smug smile. “Hmph, no matter how strong you are, if you’re under my control, you’ll just become an obedient puppet!” 
But as time went on. 
He realized something was wrong! 
It seemed like the one being controlled was Lin Tian himself, not Goblin Slayer! 
Logically, the other party should become weak, with muddled consciousness, obeying his every command and cooperating with all actions. 
But now, Lin Tian was the one in that state! 
Outside the bushes, everyone waited nervously. 
After about an hour. 
Finally, there was a rustling sound from the bushes, and someone came out. 
It was Goblin Slayer, fully dressed in her armor, her face flushed and radiant. 
She was satisfied as she picked up her helmet and sword. 
Seeing this, Lia and the others leaped to the bushes, only to find Lin Tian lying helplessly on the ground. 
Around him was a mess of unspeakable sticky substances. 
“Boss, what happened to you? It’s the first time I’ve seen you down like this!” 
Lia said in surprise, quickly helping Lin Tian up. 
Faced with her question, Lin Tian was too embarrassed to say, “Just a mistake, keep an eye on that guy, I have a lot to ask her!” 
How could he possibly admit what had happened? 
He felt he had been raped! 
He was the victim! 
He was the one being controlled! 
What the hell was going on! 
Obviously, he had sex with a beautiful woman who hit his sweet spot, but the result was utter humiliation! 
At this moment, Goblin Slayer stood there without any intention of leaving. Seeing Lin Tian come out, she smiled, “Hello, my dear~” 
“You!” 
Lin Tian’s face twitched a few times. 
Then he said, “Let’s go! And catch that guy who escaped earlier!” 
“Shush, shush, shush!” 
Several goblins rushed out and directly subdued Cecil. 
Gobu Shan also returned to normal, leading the group back to the cave with large skewers of meat. 
This battle had significant losses, all because of that crazy pervert. 
Fifty big goblins died. 
Fortunately, the hero variants didn’t die. 
Upon arriving outside the cave, Goblin Slayer still had no intention of leaving. 
Impatiently, Lin Tian asked, “What do you want? This is a goblin lair. If you come in, you do so at your own risk.” 
“I said I would accompany you as you grow. As for the consequences, as long as you can bear them, it’s fine.” 
Goblin Slayer spoke, tracing her finger over Lin Tian’s chest. 
Lia and the others glanced over, quickly turning their heads to avoid laughing. 
It was the first time they saw Lin Tian so embarrassed. 
Annoyed, Lin Tian said, “What are you looking at? Go inside and hide, don’t expose our location.” 
Soon, only he and Goblin Slayer were left at the cave entrance. 
In this situation, Lin Tian knew the cave couldn’t be hidden anymore. She probably already knew about it. 
Coldly, he asked, “Who are you really? What is that strange power? Why can you control my subordinates, and why did you just now… control me?” 
He hesitated on the last sentence. 
If there were people around, he wouldn’t have dared to say it. 
Goblin Slayer was silent for a moment, then said, “If I tell you everything, will you agree to let me follow you?” 
“Tell me first!” Lin Tian said impatiently. 
If she wasn’t valuable, he would have already fallen out with her. 
Goblin Slayer thought for a moment, then said, “My identity? It’s a long story. My mother was human and was captured by goblins, a particularly powerful goblin tribe. 
You can guess the result. 
She got pregnant and gave birth to me.” 
Hearing this, Lin Tian widened his eyes in disbelief, “You are a goblin’s offspring? But why do you look so human?” 
“That’s the unexpected part. I am the result of the Goblin King’s seed who violated my mother.” 
Goblin Slayer’s expression turned solemn. 
This was a sensitive topic for her. 
Hearing this, Lin Tian found it hard to believe. It was too outrageous to accept! 
The offspring of the Goblin King? 
What a joke! 
As a goblin for so long, he knew best. 
The higher the tier of the goblin, the lower the chances of producing offspring. 
Mutant variants could hardly produce offspring. 
Not to mention the top-tier Goblin King! 
The probability was lower than winning the lottery. 
Goblin Slayer said heavily, “I know you don’t believe it. Even I can’t believe I’m alive.” 
“But, hehe, I personally killed the Goblin King! Ten years ago, I was almost forced by the Goblin King. When he relaxed, I killed him with my own hands!” 
Goblin Slayer spoke, her tone turning sinister and terrifying! 
Like a goblin. 
She killed the Goblin King?? 
Though surprised, Lin Tian had roughly guessed that goblins had no ethical boundaries. 
And she could resist goblin’s special abilities, not losing action capability during mating. 
… 
Discord (announcements and updates!)? <a href="https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC">https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC</a> 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 40: “The Path” 
TL: Sungmin 
“I devoured the Goblin King and gained the power to control goblins! It was easy to slaughter that goblin dungeon, hehe.” 
Goblin Slayer spoke with madness in her eyes. 
It was unsettling. 
Lin Tian never imagined this person’s identity would be so complex! 
No wonder she was so powerful. But he asked, “Then what about that mysterious power of yours? How do you kill goblins so effortlessly?” 
“I can be considered one with royal blood. The goblin hierarchy is even stricter than humans. 
So, I mixed a bit of my body tissue into my weapons. When it enters other goblins, they experience an instinctive rejection! 
Simply put, it’s a suicide mechanism etched into their genes to prevent any harm to the king and allows control over them.” Goblin Slayer explained carefully. 
She possessed imperial blood, so she didn’t have this suicide gene. 
With everything explained so clearly, Lin Tian considered accepting her. 
After all, she was essentially half goblin. No, she was practically a goblin in human skin. 
Assimilating into the group wouldn’t be an issue. 
Lin Tian finally understood, “No wonder you choose to wear such thick armor. It’s to avoid being recognized by humans, right? But why do you call yourself Goblin Slayer?” 
Logically, she was a goblin. 
Yet, she was obsessed with killing goblins? 
“My mother was raped and killed by goblins. Of course, I want to slaughter goblins. As for choosing to mate with strong goblins and then eating them, that’s a personal interest.” Goblin Slayer continued. 
Forced by her ‘biological father’, she watched her mother being raped and killed. 
Indeed, it would twist one’s personality. 
She had a human body but a goblin’s heart. 
So, she chose to mate with goblins, equivalent to mating within her species, driven by instinct. 
This was why she had proactively thrown herself at Lin Tian. 
But she kept jumping back and forth between the two races. The goblin side didn’t accept her, and humans couldn’t possibly accept her either. 
Thus, a goblin in human skin was born, killing goblins. 
She did human things by killing goblins, while also thinking about mating with goblins. 
This behavior aimed to fill the void in her heart. 
Lin Tian looked at her, feeling a bit pitiful, “In that case, join me.” 
Seeing Lin Tian’s serious expression, Goblin Slayer was stunned for a long time! 
She seemed unable to believe he would say such a thing, and from the heart too. 
A goblin would accept Goblin Slayer? 
But she had killed the Goblin King and so many goblins! 
“Aren’t you afraid of me? Don’t you think I’m the enemy of goblins? I killed your king, after all.” Goblin Slayer asked tentatively. 
She initially intended to manipulate Lin Tian and toy with him. 
Now the situation had become very interesting. 
Lin Tian shrugged, looking indifferent, “What does killing the Goblin King have to do with me? You killed many goblins before; that has nothing to do with me either. We have similar identities. 
But I have chosen a clear path.” 
A clear path? 
Hearing this, Goblin Slayer stood there thinking, “How interesting, a gift from the heavens, to encounter such a beautiful creation as you… Kehehe.” 
“Don’t get cocky. Letting you join me doesn’t mean I’ll be dominated by you. I’m the one in control, understand?” 
Lin Tian’s expression changed, speaking sternly. 
“Really? Then shall we play some more? Just now, when I asked you to change positions, you obediently did so, like a child being punished…” 
Goblin Slayer said with an evil smile. 
Recalling this, Lin Tian felt ashamed and snorted coldly, “Let’s not bring that up!” 
Throughout, Goblin Slayer was the one moving! 
After some teasing, Goblin Slayer pondered for a moment, “Forget it. The situation in Bright Town is quite complex now. I’ll stay there for a while and serve as your spy.” 
“Eh? You have such good intentions?” Lin Tian said in slight surprise. 
Wasn’t she devoted to slaughtering goblins? Now she planned to help them. 
Goblin Slayer strolled across the river, “Because you are mine. It seems I’ve also found my own path…” 
She waded through the river, disappearing into the dense forest. 
“Hope you truly have.” 
Lin Tian watched her departing figure, then headed toward the cave. 
He took a deep breath, “Phew, I really can’t handle her. Fortunately, she increased my attribute points by over five hundred! Truly a woman with royal blood.” 
She was different from Gobu Yue, who was purely a female goblin. 
Whereas Gobu Yue was purely a female goblin. 
He then checked his current attribute strength. 
[Lin Tian: Lv55<br/>
Race: Goblin<br/>
Profession: None<br/>
Title: Blasphemer, Potential God, Injected with Royal Blood, God’s Blessing…<br/>
Health: 1600<br/>
Strength: 410<br/>
Defense: 470<br/>
Skills: No-Blade Capture, Keen, Awe-Inspiring Eighteen Styles, Flashback, Grow and Shrink…<br/>
Equipment: Fine Iron Armor, Fine Short Sword, Elemental Hand Crossbow<br/>
Overall: 2200] 
Lin Tian was quite satisfied. 
Most satisfying was the extra achievement, Injected with Royal Blood. 
Gain 100 Life Points. (Old readers, please note: previous modifications indicate that obtaining new titles can also grant life points.) 
Lin Tian then entered the cave. 
“Boss, you’re here. We were just about to start a barbecue. Do you have any of that seasoning you used before?” Gobu Shan asked. 
Gobu Kuang laughed foolishly, “Hehe, that stuff makes everything taste better.” 
Barbecue? 
Upon hearing this, the captured people showed expressions of terror! 
“Don’t kill me, I can still be saved!” 
“If you’re going to kill me, just do it quickly! I don’t want to be roasted alive!” 
“Goblin Slayer, that traitor! Where is the Sword Saintess? Hasn’t she recovered yet? Can’t she save us?” 
“Father, I will sacrifice myself for the honor of our family, sob sob!” 
The ones speaking were those strung up, including Cecil. 
The cave echoed with their cries of despair. 
It truly was like hell. 
Next to them, Loder, who was tied up like a dead dog, slowly opened his eyes. His blurry vision gradually cleared. 
When he saw Cecil, he couldn’t help but mock, “Ahahaha! Cecil! Is it really you?” 
“Cousin? You’re still alive!” 
Cecil was stunned, eyes full of shock! 
How many months had it been since he was captured by goblins? 
And yet he was still alive! 
Unbelievable! 
Loder snorted, “Alive? You could die and I still wouldn’t die. I will never die!” 
Cecil didn’t care, “Heh, you look like you’re better off dead. How pitiful, the once-glorious Stantmont family has come to this?” 
In the noble circles, it was well known that Loder had become a disciple of the Sword Saintess. 
The Stantmont family had risen, constantly mocking other families about their uncertain futures. 
Cecil’s family had never been treated well by them. 
Now, Loder’s situation proved that he wasn’t doing much better! 
“You idiot, don’t you realize you’re also a fish on the chopping block? You’ll definitely die before me, hahaha!” 
Loder continued to mock. 
Indeed, he wouldn’t die because Lin Tian hadn’t tortured him enough yet. 
Hearing this, Cecil was puzzled, “Isn’t the Sword Saintess your master? She didn’t come to save you? Maybe you’re too weak for her to bother.” 
Mentioning that name, Loder’s face darkened immediately. 
He suddenly roared without warning, “Shut up! Don’t mention that bitch! That selfish bitch! She abandoned me for her so-called justice!!!” 
“Hahaha, so the Sword Saintess lives up to her title as the Guardian of the Holy Sword!” Cecil was laughing. 
Suddenly, his expression froze! 
Because a terrifying scene was unfolding nearby. 
Gobu Kuang picked up a bone skewer and began sprinkling barbecue seasoning on a cleaned and prepared live human. 
Manipulating a live person like a kebab. 
The seasoning was a mix of wild mint, cinnamon, bay leaves, rosemary, thyme, pepper, garlic, chili, and ginger. 
As the person was marinated, Gobu Kuang licked his lips. 
After seasoning the first skewer, he prepared to season the second, planning to cook them all at once. 
Gobu Shan suddenly grabbed the bone skewer, a sinister look on his face, “Hey, no rush. Roast them one by one. Let the others be filled with fear and despair. Their muscles will tense up, making the meat tighter and tastier.” 
“Heh, you really know how to enjoy it. Alright then.” 
Gobu Kuang sat by the campfire, waiting for the feast. 
Hearing this, the other captives were scared to the point of nearly soiling themselves, “That beast! So cruel!” 
Gobu Shan began the barbecue. 
As the flames touched the skewer, it first burned off all the hair. 
“Ahhh! Please turn me over, it’s burning! My balls are burning!” 
The man’s face twisted in pain, screaming until his throat was hoarse! 
However, Gobu Shan had no intention of turning him over. He used his regrown bone tail to brush oil on the skewer. 
Lin Tian couldn’t help but feel disgusted, “You pervert, who knew you’d even be perverted about barbecuing.” 
“Heehee.” Gobu Shan smiled innocently. 
A smile that was chilling. 
For goblins, the screams were a delightful prelude to a meal. 
Cecil trembled in fear, on the verge of tears, watching the goblins feast. He was almost crying! 
Though a Diamond-level adventurer, the moments before death were scarier than death itself! 
Loder had become numb, showing no emotional reaction. 
At this moment, Gobu Shan’s sinister, blood-red eyes in the darkness locked onto the paralyzed Cecil. 
Fear crawled over his entire body! 
Cecil quickly pleaded, “Don’t kill me, I’m a noble! I can give you money, women, anything you want, just let me go!” 
However. 
Goblins didn’t care about such things. 
“Stop!” 
Suddenly, Loder’s voice rang out, decisive and strong. 
Cecil was full of surprise, slightly calming down, “Cousin, you…” 
Lin Tian became interested, “Oh? You useless dog haven’t spoken for so long, and now you finally have something to say?” 
“You’re Lin Tian, right? Let him go, and I will agree to any of your requests.” 
… 
Discord (announcements and updates!)? <a href="https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC">https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC</a> 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 41: Vampire! 
TL: Sungmin 
Loder was speaking seriously, appearing more clear-headed than ever before. 
Moved to tears, Cecil hugged his leg and cried, “Cousin, I’m sorry for berating you earlier, cousin!” 
“Hehe, a prisoner dares to negotiate with me?” 
Lin Tian showed no mercy and directly cut off one of Cecil’s legs to roast. 
The paralysis caused no pain, but the brutal scene made him faint out of fear! 
A smile curved on Loder’s gloomy face, “Listen to me, how about letting him go? The family will definitely send many people to rescue me then.” 
“Are you out of your mind? What nonsense are you spouting?” Lin Tian looked at him coldly. 
It seemed Loder’s mind had completely collapsed. 
Suddenly, Loder became agitated and yelled, “Out of my mind? You could kill more people then! Devour more powerful ones! Kill them all! I’ll help you do that!” 
“Are you serious?” Lin Tian still doubted. 
Loder laughed maniacally, “They all deserve to die! All of them!!! They didn’t send troops to rescue me for so long and sent this useless guy instead, so they deserve to die! And that whore, if I could, I would help you kill her too!” 
“Alright, I believe you. Ifreya, heal this guy.” Lin Tian agreed directly. 
He ordered Ifreya to come and treat Cecil first. 
Then he walked to the furnace, picked up the roasted leg, and tossed it in front of Loder like feeding a dog. 
He said, “This is your reward.” 
A flash of murderous intent passed through Loder’s eyes, different from usual. 
Immediately, he recovered and began gnawing on the leg, “Delicious! Delicious!” 
“Boss, isn’t this letting the tiger return to the mountain? Our location will be exposed.” Lia expressed her concern. 
Lin Tian gestured to interrupt, “Don’t you trust me?” 
“I understand.” 
Lia said no more. 
In the end, they arranged for a few goblins to carry Cecil out and throw him into the forest. 
… 
Bright Town. 
People knew that Cecil and others had joined forces to exterminate the goblins. 
They were eagerly awaiting good news. 
In the tavern, everyone was drinking and chatting. 
At this time, someone joked, “It’s been so long with no news, did they all get wiped out? Hahaha.” 
“I’d rather believe a goblin can screw me over than that they all got wiped out.” 
“He’s just joking, though it’s unlikely, who knows.” 
“If a team of two Diamond-level adventurers loses, we might as well pack up and leave.” 
No one believed such a thing could happen. 
Just a few goblins, even high-level intelligent ones, were still just goblins. 
They couldn’t stir up much trouble. 
For hundreds of years, stories of goblin kings being killed were frequent. 
The impression of goblins being weak was ingrained in human minds. 
The Wandering Hero said, “Don’t think the Sword Saintess lost, she only lost to herself. Diamond-level adventurers dealing with a bunch of goblins is no pressure, at least not for me.” 
“Bang!” 
At this moment, the tavern door was violently pushed open. 
A bald man in simple leather armor rushed in excitedly, “It’s over! It’s all over! They’re all dead!” 
“What’s over?! Calm down!” 
The tavern owner cursed; that was his door! 
The bald man panted, “I just saw Cecil come back, missing a leg, looking extremely miserable! He rode a carnivorous horse and left Bright Town, heading towards the capital!” 
“What!” 
Everyone’s face changed! 
Cecil of the Blizzard Heroes! A young noble prodigy. 
He actually lost! 
Even the tavern owner found it hard to believe, “The Blizzard Formation can withstand an attack from an army of a thousand. On such a dark night, are you sure you didn’t see wrong?” 
“No mistake, I even asked him what happened!” 
The bald man took a deep breath and continued, “He said they’re all dead. Those goblins are demons, don’t go near them, and then he rode off.” 
At this moment. 
The entire tavern fell into dead silence! 
Such goblins existed, beyond their imagination. 
They finally understood why the Sword Saintess suffered a setback. 
The Wandering Hero couldn’t help but exclaim, “The Gray Hats are all dead? Old Gru, I remember, had some strength.” 
“He’s the only one who came back, they must all be dead.” The bald man speculated. 
At this moment, Goblin Slayer’s figure entered the tavern, speaking coldly, “That’s right, they’re all dead, only Cecil is alive.” 
“Goblin Slayer? You were in that battle too?!” 
Everyone was ecstatic; thankfully, there was someone alive to get details of the battle. 
Goblin Slayer nodded, “I happened to meet them, but unfortunately, I arrived a bit late. By the time I got there, they were almost all dead, only Cecil survived.” 
She didn’t understand why Lin Tian let him go, but she could only say this for now. 
The Wandering Hero asked, “What about those goblins?” 
“I killed them all.” Goblin Slayer said indifferently. 
The entire room was stunned for a few seconds. 
Someone started clapping, followed by a wave of applause! 
“Sir, drink as much as you want today, it’s on the house!” The tavern owner said excitedly. 
He had suffered from goblin attacks for a long time, and now that the menace was finally eliminated, he was thrilled. 
Everyone marveled, “As expected of the man known as Goblin Slayer, a true professional against goblins. Can you tell us more?” 
“Nothing special, just one mutant variant, two hero variants, and a few hundred big ones.” 
Goblin Slayer said as she took the cup handed to him by the tavern owner. 
She lifted her mask slightly and drank it all in one go. 
Everyone was shocked again, “My god, so many large ones, no wonder Cecil and his team lost, and there was even a mutant variant!” 
While everyone was immersed in their drinks and cheers, a swarm of black bats flew in from outside, hanging upside down on the ceiling. 
Everyone retreated in fear, some grabbing weapons, spilling their drinks all over. 
The more timid ones even ran out, panicking like they’d seen the plague. 
It wasn’t that these men were afraid of bats. 
Rather, these bats were actually people, or rather, vampires! 
They were the Cold-Blooded Mercenaries! 
On the ceiling, a bat with blood-red teeth spoke, “Goblin Slayer, you said there were hundreds of big variants. The leader of this tribe couldn’t just be a mere mutant variant. Did you find their nest? Goblins hide very well.” 
Hearing this, everyone realized the truth. 
Indeed, with hundreds of big variants, there had to be thousands of low-level goblins! 
The leader had to be an overlord-level being! 
If looks could kill, the bat would have felt a chill down its spine from Goblin Slayer’s cold gaze. 
She hadn’t expected another troublesome group to appear. 
But suddenly, she smiled and thought, “Heh heh heh… My dear, I believe you can handle these guys, right? I didn’t find the nest. After killing them, I came back.” 
“Is that so? Well, you can leave the task of finding the nest to us. We’d love to join forces with you, how about it?” The red-fanged bat said again. 
The Wandering Hero couldn’t believe it, “Even the Cold-Blooded Mercenaries wants to team up? I want to meet these goblins myself.” 
“Then let’s go together?” 
The red-fanged bat looked at him. 
The Wandering Hero smiled awkwardly, “Forget it, I’m supposed to slay dragons, not goblins, and I’m not interested in bounty hunting.” 
“I don’t like moving at night.” Goblin Slayer said and left the tavern. 
The red-fanged bat was a bit disappointed, “What a pity, we can only operate at night. Otherwise, Gru and his team wouldn’t have met such a fate. Let’s move out, my kin.” 
“Screech! Screech!” 
A swarm of bats flapped out of the tavern. 
They flew towards the enchanted forest. 
… 
At this time, a well-equipped knight riding a carnivorous horse arrived swiftly at Bright Town. 
After asking around, he found the room where the Sword Saintess was staying. 
The door was tightly shut, and despite it being just after dusk, the lights were already out. 
The knight sighed, took out a letter, and slipped it under the door, then turned to leave. 
… 
Above the enchanted forest, the bats, being vampires, had the advantage at night. 
They had excellent vision, quick reflexes, and a keen sense of smell. It didn’t take long for them to catch the strong scent of blood. 
It was coming from across the river, several kilometers away, from the uncleaned battle site. 
The bats hung upside down on the trees, pondering the battle traces. 
“Leader, what do you think? There doesn’t seem to be a large tribe around here.” One bat asked. 
The red-fanged bat sniffed carefully, then its eyes gleamed with a sinister red light, “Go back, they left this on purpose!” 
Following the scent, they quickly returned to the riverbank. 
They hovered around a waterfall. 
The red-fanged bat smirked, “The scent stops here, they’re definitely inside! Let’s go!” 
With that, the swarm dove into the waterfall. 
Sure enough, they saw two big goblins patrolling inside. 
“Bats?” 
“Ignore them, stay alert.” 
The two large ones commented, paying no further attention. 
After all, why would monsters care about a bunch of bats? 
It was nothing unusual. 
The red-fanged bat led the way, quietly infiltrating deeper into the cave, reaching the living area. 
Inside, the goblins were all sound asleep. 
They were snoring blissfully. 
The bats didn’t act immediately, but silently scoped out the entire cave. 
The red-fanged bat was surprised, “There are so few goblins? And only one mutant variant?” 
“Could we have the wrong place? This seems like a medium-sized tribe.” 
The members were puzzled. 
The red-fanged bat was sure, “No mistake, with so many big goblins, it’s just as Goblin Slayer said. Let’s feast, drink your fill!” 
“Though goblin blood tastes bad, it’s very nutritious!” 
One bat said as it quietly climbed onto a sleeping goblin. 
Its sharp teeth gently pierced the skin, like an ant bite, unnoticed by the deeply sleeping goblin. 
In just over ten seconds, the previously robust big goblin turned into a dried corpse. 
The red-fanged bat also drank heartily, “Tonight, drink to your fill!” 
The Cold-Blooded Mercenaries had killed many powerful opponents in this silent, deadly manner. 
… 
Discord (announcements and updates!)? <a href="https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC">https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC</a> 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 42: Countess: Why Did Your Head Start Growing Grass? 
TL: Sungmin 
In a short time, a dozen goblins had already been sucked dry and turned into mummies. 
“Hehe, Captain, you’re too ruthless! You drained those goblins so dry, and so quickly!” 
A bat couldn’t help but comment. 
The red-fanged bat glared at it, “Hurry up and suck them dry, it’s not interesting at all. Let’s finish early and get those three hundred gold coins.” 
They had thought they might get to drink the blood of a Goblin Overlord or something similar. 
But in the end, it was just a bunch of big goblins, with very few high-tier ones. 
Under the cover of night, death kept descending. 
No one noticed a thing. 
The entire cave was still silent and quiet. 
Lin Tian was sleeping in a separate small cave, with Gobu Yue, Lia, Cassandra, and Ifreya beside him. 
A bat carefully approached, seeing humans and elves, and couldn’t help but feel overjoyed. 
He thought, “This place is so remote, quietly drinking some human blood shouldn’t be a problem, right?” 
Because they belonged to the Adventurers’ Guild, they had signed an agreement not to drink human blood. 
Even if they killed someone, they couldn’t drink the blood if they wanted to maintain their status and work in the Lionheart Empire. 
So, these vampires became adventurers, earning money to buy blood. 
This bat looked at Ifreya’s extremely white neck and couldn’t resist any longer, “Money is hard to earn, shit is hard to eat, drinking here won’t be discovered!” 
Driven by his bloodthirsty desire. 
He couldn’t help but sink his fangs in. 
When his sharp fangs pierced that tender neck like tofu, instantly! 
A burst of holy light exploded! 
It directly illuminated the small cave and woke up Lin Tian and the others. 
“Who!” 
Lin Tian woke from his sleep, raising his crossbow to attack, but saw no one. 
Only a very small shadow flew out. 
Sensing something was extremely wrong, he ordered, “You all stay here, I’ll go check it out!” 
In the cave, the bat had its teeth shattered completely, “Damn it! A holy nun! Why is there a holy nun in a goblin cave!!” 
He would rather believe that someone had dug up his ancestral grave than believe this! 
But the holy light just now couldn’t be mistaken. 
“Captain! There’s a holy nun!” 
The bat flew to the living area’s main cave and shouted urgently. 
The Church’s forces were like natural enemies to vampires, they didn’t dare provoke them. 
Hearing this, the red-fanged bat, who was about to continue drinking blood, paused, “Are you crazy? How could there be a nun in this cave?” 
“Everyone, be on alert!!!” 
At this moment, a shout came from the depths of the cave. 
All the goblins got up and were on high alert! 
Lin Tian, seeing the group of bats, felt something was wrong, “Goblins generally don’t let bats into their caves, how come…” 
As he was thinking this, he noticed some goblins hadn’t gotten up. 
Upon closer inspection, he finally saw clearly! 
They had all turned into dried corpses! 
“Vampires!” 
Lin Tian immediately thought of this, shouting, “Light the fire! Seal the exit!” 
Gobu Shan and the others quickly began to act. 
In the pitch-dark cave, a raging fire was lit! 
The goblins surrounded all the bats in the center. 
Lin Tian said, “Dare to come here to drink blood, I want to see what you vampires can do!” 
“Captain, what do we do?” 
A bat asked, but showed no sign of fear. 
The red-fanged bat started spinning rapidly, forming a cloud of black mist, which slowly descended and turned into a human form! 
Wearing black light armor, with fair skin, and very elegant auburn hair. 
Lilith’s eyes were sharp, “Since we’ve been exposed, let’s start killing. It’s just a group of goblins.” 
As soon as she finished speaking, the remaining dozen goblins also transformed into human forms. 
And they were all women! 
The most venomous were women’s hearts! 
Lin Tian scrutinized her, deciding to check her attribute panel first. 
What he saw shocked him! 
[Lilith: Lv61<br/>
Race: Vampire<br/>
Profession: None<br/>
Titles: Countess, Immortal, God’s Curse…<br/>
Health: 1900<br/>
Strength: 500<br/>
Defense: 500<br/>
Skills: Blood Siphon, Bloodthirst, Transform into Darkness, Infection…<br/>
Equipment: Refined Light Armor<br/>
Overall: 2800] 
Such high attributes! 
Almost three thousand! 
The remaining vampires also had nearly two thousand in strength! 
Damn, how could they possibly win? 
Wouldn’t they be annihilated? 
Lin Tian quickly changed his tone, “Ahem, madam, we can talk this out, no need to be like this.” 
“There’s nothing to talk about. Didn’t you want to see our abilities just now? Come on.” Red Fang Lilith sneered. 
If they had been discovered when they first entered, they would have fled immediately. 
But now they were all full of blood, their strength greatly enhanced, why would they be afraid? 
Seeing her malicious intent, Lin Tian said, “If we fight, neither of us will benefit. Vampires fear fire, don’t they?” 
Red Fang Lilith sneered and snapped her fingers. 
All those dried goblin corpses on the ground stood up! Their eyes glowed red, and their fangs protruded; she had infected them all with vampirism! 
They surrounded them. 
Lilith continued, “Do you think the fire will reach us first, or will you die first? Hmph.” 
“Hallelujah!!!” 
Suddenly, a burst of holy light attacked! 
It directly forced Lilith and the others to retreat behind the dried goblin corpses. 
It was Lin Tian standing upright, with his arms outstretched, forming the shape of a cross. 
“My hair! A goblin, a goblin is posing as a cross!” 
“He actually shouted those four words, ‘holy shit!'” 
“Pickled radish! Should we rush up and tear him apart first? This low-level goblin isn’t simple!” 
A group of vampires was dumbfounded! 
A goblin knew how to pose like this! 
Lilith also didn’t react immediately and quickly said, “Tear him apart!” 
Lin Tian quickly ordered, “Everyone, hold this pose like me!” 
When all the goblins posed as crosses, the holy light actually illuminated the entire cave at that moment! 
If the Church’s people saw this, they’d probably exclaim in awe! 
Monsters using holy skills to fight other monsters! 
Both sides remained in a standoff. 
Neither moved, unless the other did. 
Finally, Lin Tian couldn’t bear it anymore, “This is pointless. How about we negotiate?” 
Lilith was silent for a moment, “Speak!” 
Indeed, being bathed in holy light made it hard for them to move and very uncomfortable. 
“What do you want?” Lin Tian asked directly. 
Logically, vampires wouldn’t specifically come to kill him, right? 
Lilith didn’t hide it, “We are an adventurer team from the human side. Someone posted a bounty, so of course, we came to kill you.” 
“Damn, so I was on a bounty list? No wonder so many adventurers came to Bright Town!” Lin Tian realized. 
Then he asked, “You vampires, still need to earn money?” 
He really couldn’t understand what they needed money for. 
A vampire, displeased, said, “Don’t we need money to buy blood? Do you think in the Lionheart Empire, we can kill people whenever we want? Guardian Holy Sword, Holy Church, which of these are easy to mess with?” 
“I see, how about we cooperate?” 
Lin Tian first canceled the pose, signaling the other goblins to cancel as well. 
There was no need to fight in this situation; cooperation could be mutually beneficial. 
Seeing this, Lilith wanted to strike directly but held back, “How do we cooperate?” 
Lin Tian thought for a moment, feeling a bit embarrassed, “Don’t you need blood? How about I provide it for you?” 
“Boss, they are vampires; they need a huge amount of blood every day!” At this moment, Lia ran out, worriedly saying. 
Lin Tian ignored her. 
Lilith snorted coldly, “Your little bit of blood is not enough for long-term supply. You have guts; we can leave directly.” 
She didn’t expect goblins to exorcise demons! 
She had to admit defeat. 
Otherwise, they could have easily killed them all. 
“Wait, I said it’s enough, and it will be enough.” Lin Tian stopped them, speaking seriously. 
Lilith and the others looked at her in surprise. 
“In traditional Chinese medicine, there are records stating that the kidney governs essence and blood; it’s the most important organ for a person. To be healthy, you must avoid kidney deficiency.” 
Hearing this, a group of vampires was confused and naive, asking in detail, “What do you mean?” 
Lin Tian coughed, suppressing his embarrassment, “It’s literal. Medical research has shown it. 
Moreover, a type of monster discovered this special effect long ago, which is the succubus. 
Otherwise, why would they extract everywhere without harming lives or stealing money? 
To gain such good nutrition, who would resort to theft or murder? 
You know, we goblins lack everything but that. We can form a long-term cooperative relationship, ensuring you don’t run out of blood to drink.” 
Seeing they seemed unbelieving, Lin Tian immediately prepared to demonstrate. 
This was a conclusion of Chinese medicine culture, and Lin Tian firmly believed the effect would be the same. 
Lilith roughly understood. 
After much thought, she found this method feasible! 
But it had to be tested first. 
She reached out to take it. 
A vampire behind her pulled her back, “Captain, we are the Count’s wives. Although he is sealed, aren’t we supposed to wait for him?” 
“Yes, this is too disrespectful to the Count.” 
“If this is true, we can wait safely without taking risks. Wouldn’t that be better? Over the centuries, how many sisters have died, don’t you know?” 
As the captain and the rightful wife of Count Dracula, Lilith had to bear a certain responsibility. 
Without hesitation, she walked towards Lin Tian. 
After all, it was just for the sustenance of life, without any further relationship. 
It didn’t count as betraying the Count. 
When Lilith drank the “blood.” 
As her bloodthirst was suppressed, she couldn’t help but feel excited, “It really can replace blood!! Everyone, we no longer need to take risks every day, as long as we cooperate with these goblins!” 
“No way, we should have discovered this earlier! Damn succubi monopolized this information since ancient times!” 
“Is this true? Let me try!” 
A vampire couldn’t resist trying. 
The result was uncontrollable. 
One after another, they tried, and without exception, it was true! 
The bloodthirst in the vampires’ bodies could be suppressed. 
Lin Tian was almost turning into a dried corpse, “Lia, support me a bit, huff, huff…” 
“Boss, you’ve worked hard.” 
Lia said with a mix of amusement and concern. 
At this moment, Lilith became serious, “Goblin, I agree to your cooperation. What do you want in return?” 
“It’s simple. Just protect this cave from intruders. I won’t make you go out either. It’s perpetually dark here; you can stay unrestricted.” Lin Tian spoke solemnly. 
Recruiting these vampires wasn’t just because he had no other choice. 
He hadn’t tested the vampire race yet. 
It was a great opportunity to improve the group’s quality and gain attributes. 
However, he did feel a bit sorry for their ‘Count.’ 
… 
Discord (announcements and updates!)? <a href="https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC">https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC</a> 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 43: The Sword Saintess’s Tears 
TL: Sungmin 
“Alright, I agree with you. I just didn’t expect a low-level goblin to possess such intelligence to communicate this way,” Lilith said straightforwardly. 
A trace of a sly smile flashed in Lin Tian’s heart. 
It definitely couldn’t be rushed now; to test it, he had to slowly develop her feelings. 
He then explained the situation there and made some agreements with them. 
Lilith and the others were arranged perfectly, to the point where they felt a bit moved.  
“I appreciate your actions. As long as the invaders in your cave aren’t too strong, we will do our best to help,” Lilith said. 
“Then, here’s to a pleasant cooperation,” Lin Tian extended his hand. 
At that moment, Lilith’s expression showed a surprising change. 
Human-like habits! 
Although she was a vampire, she had been human before becoming one. 
Lilith then added, “No wonder the Sword Saintess was driven to isolation by you. Of course, we mean strong opponents like her.” 
“I understand. By the way, what’s the deal with the count you mentioned?” Lin Tian asked tentatively. 
After all, it was akin to cuckolding someone’s wife, and several at that! 
If he was very strong and came for revenge, it would be disastrous. 
Lilith’s face showed obvious sadness as she said, “He is our husband, a vampire who has lived for thousands of years. Unfortunately, he is imprisoned in the temple by the Church… The Church spared us from punishment as we were forced to become vampires.” 
Upon hearing this, Lin Tian roughly understood. 
Since he was imprisoned by the Holy Church, there was no need to worry about him escaping for now. 
Lin Tian looked at her and said with concern, “Don’t worry, when I become strong enough, I’ll go overthrow the Church. You see, even a Saintess of the Church has been completely subdued by me.” 
“Really, really?” Lilith’s face showed the expression of a virtuous wife, not expecting someone to be willing to help her husband. 
Lin Tian nodded, “Absolutely true. You’re also tired, go rest now.” 
He then supported her delicate, fair hand and led her into a small cave. 
The vampires behind them looked at Lin Tian differently. 
After Lin Tian left, he heard the group of vampires discussing. 
“Oh my, how can I see romance and responsibility in a goblin?” 
“Seriously, I could cry, who understands?” 
“After wandering for hundreds of years, now given a place to settle by a goblin. Madam, don’t you think he is reliable?” 
The group of vampires, being women, immediately switched to gossip mode. 
Lilith, however, remained steadfast, “Stop it. We belong to the Count, we can’t do this. If anyone talks about not waiting for the Count to come out, I can’t help her.” 
At the cave entrance, Lin Tian slowly revealed a smug smile. 
This was the charm of a virtuous wife. 
Maintaining chastity, resisting strongly, but ultimately falling step by step into the clutches, unable to extricate herself. 
It was almost like gaining a virgin bride. 
Lin Tian left the small cave with a wicked smile, planning to take a nap. 
For now, there was no rush. 
… 
In Bright Town, the tavern was brightly lit all night. 
Many people stayed up, waiting for news from the Cold-Blooded Mercenaries. 
But by dawn, there was no news. 
The tavern owner sighed, “I think they failed too. Everyone go rest, I can’t hold on any longer. If you want to drink, serve yourselves and remember to pay.” 
Upon hearing this, the others didn’t show any sign of fatigue. 
Instead, they were filled with fear. 
They couldn’t accept the repeated defeats! 
Even the vampires, who were immortal, had failed.  
Only holy attacks could cause fatal damage to them. 
Slowly, everyone’s eyes turned to the Wandering Hero. 
He was now the only Diamond-level adventurer here. 
Feeling the pressure of their gazes, the Wandering Hero quickly said, “Why are you all looking at me? I’m here to slay dragons, who cares about those goblins! If you want to fight, can’t you gather all your strength and attack together?” 
“But how would we split the bounty?” The bald man asked. 
Most adventurers, nine out of ten, were in it for the money. 
Otherwise, who would risk their lives? 
The goblin disaster had nothing to do with them, it was all about the bounty. 
The Wandering Hero snorted, “Do whatever you want, I’m not interested.” 
“Coward.” 
A voice suddenly echoed in the tavern, then quickly faded. 
The Wandering Hero was so angry he jumped up, “Which bastard! Am I a coward? Am I! I’m here to slay dragons; goblins are trash not worth my time!” 
No one in the tavern responded. 
Just when they thought the tavern had quieted down, several voices rang out again, “Coward.” 
“Who the hell are you fooling?” 
“Diamond-level? More like dog shit!” 
This caused the tavern to erupt into a noisy uproar. 
In a corner of Bright Town, there was a dilapidated little house. 
The interior was simple, with a gray little bed, a cracked wooden table, and a single stool. 
In the corner was a dusty platinum longsword and a pile of armor. 
Because of the loud commotion in the tavern, the Sword Saintess slowly woke up. 
At this moment, her golden hair was disheveled, not knowing how long she had been lying there. 
Though awake, she didn’t sit up. 
Her blue eyes stared blankly at the ceiling, lost in thought. 
Suddenly, she noticed something under the door crack. 
It was an envelope from that mysterious person. 
After hesitating for a long time, the Sword Saintess decided to check it. 
Throwing off the covers, she had already removed her armor and was wearing a casual white nightgown. 
Her slender waist seemed like it could be gripped with one hand. 
The nightgown only covered up to her thighs, revealing a captivating expanse of white skin. 
Her jade-like feet were as tender as a baby’s skin, an excellent product for soaking in milk. 
However, there were faint scars on the soles of her feet. 
These were from when she realized she had been tricked at the broken bridge and had to sprint back dozens of miles within half an hour. 
At the time, she didn’t notice her feet had become a bloody mess. 
When she got out of bed, the Sword Saintess staggered and almost fell. 
She smiled bitterly, “How long have I been lying here? I can’t even feel my legs.” 
She then picked up the letter. 
Upon seeing the image of a lion with its mouth wide open on the cover, she knew who had sent it. 
It was from the Emperor of the Lionheart Empire, Emperor Lionheart. 
To: Alicenia 
I heard your powerful sword will was defeated by a group of goblins. I know that isn’t the case. 
You were defeated by yourself. I told you long ago, don’t be too hard on yourself. 
Sometimes it’s okay to go wild, to forget yourself. 
Be like a lion. 
…—Emperor Lionheart, Charles II 
Reading these lines, a blue tear, as blue as the ocean, inexplicably rolled down the corner of the Sword Saintess’s eye. 
She had even forgotten that her name was Alicenia. 
“Yes, I am Alicenia. I am not just a sword, I am a person.” 
Alicenia muttered to herself, her expression subtly changing. 
From her ocean-like eyes that embraced her people, it wasn’t tears that flowed. 
It was herself. 
She was crying for herself. 
After a long daze, her gaze finally turned to the dusty sword in the corner. 
At this moment, the tavern was still noisy. 
The Wandering Hero, exhausted from arguing with everyone, was left breathless. 
He was being verbally attacked from all sides. 
An old man then spoke up, “This coward, I’ve had enough of him. Hiding in the corner pretending to be a master for so long, and what do we get? A worthless piece of shit!” 
“Old man, do you want to die?” 
Finally, the Wandering Hero could no longer bear it. A white ball of light appeared in his hand! 
He was ready to use force to shut them up. 
But then he saw a familiar figure standing at the door, tall and imposing like a mountain! 
The Sword Saintess!! 
The Wandering Hero quickly retracted his attack, forced a smile, and bowed, “Sword Saintess! It’s great that you’ve recovered!” 
“Sword Saintess!?” 
Everyone turned their heads, and upon seeing it was the Sword Saintess, they almost jumped with excitement! 
But no one forgot their respect, all bowing in greeting. 
In the Lionheart Empire, only the Emperor received the same level of respect as the Sword Saintess. 
Her path of protection was admired and respected by everyone. 
Alicenia gestured for them to be quiet, “I am glad you have come to support Bright Town. Everyone, it’s time to put an end to this. I will not give them any more chances to breathe!” 
She had originally planned to deal with Dragon Island and then the goblins alone. 
Now, with so many people, it was much easier. 
“Ah, this…” 
Hearing this, everyone looked a bit embarrassed. 
Support? 
They weren’t here for charity work! 
But since the Sword Saintess had spoken, they were too embarrassed to clarify. 
The tavern owner sighed, “Are you still adventurers? If you are willing to help, you can drink all the wine in my tavern! Drink until you’re full!” 
“Alright!” 
“We’ll do whatever the Sword Saintess says!” 
“Clear out those who threaten Bright Town!” 
“Boss, you are generous. Actually, we would follow the Sword Saintess anyway.” 
Hearing everyone’s fighting spirit, two more groups of adventurers walked in from outside. 
The leader was named ‘Edison’, dressed like a western gunslinger, with a simple flintlock pistol at his waist. 
But he was a Diamond-level adventurer, leading a team called ‘The Gunslingers’. 
The other group was also Diamond-level. 
Edison spoke first, “I am willing to help the Sword Saintess uphold the path of protection. It’s just a little effort, count me in.” 
“Diamond-level! Great!” 
Someone exclaimed with joy. 
But some were indifferent, “With the Sword Saintess in action, isn’t it a given we can handle a bunch of goblins?” 
Upon hearing this, everyone realized. 
They all sighed, “I almost thought he was showing off. Isn’t he just here to help out?” 
With the Sword Saintess doing the heavy lifting, wasn’t everyone else just assisting? 
Or rather, they were just freeloading for glory. 
“No, this time we will split into two groups. One will deal with the goblins, the other with Dragon Island.” 
Alicenia interrupted them. 
Edison, who had been deflated, straightened up again, “Humph, who did you say was here to freeload? Don’t team up with me.” 
“Sword Saintess, how should we split the teams?” the Wandering Hero asked. 
… 
Discord (announcements and updates!)? <a href="https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC">https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC</a> 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 44: Goblin and Dragon’s Child 
TL: Sungmin 
This was what everyone was most concerned about. 
Everyone surely wanted to follow the Sword Saintess. In that case, the biggest challenge would be the journey. 
However, Alicenia said, “I’ll go to Dragon Island alone. You all just need to handle the goblins.” 
She wasn’t affected by the anger of revenge. 
Instead, she chose the best plan. 
In her mind, the threat of Dragon Island was far greater than a group of goblins. 
So many people dealing with goblins was an easy task. 
“Huh? You, you’re going to Dragon Island alone? That’s too dangerous!” 
Edison couldn’t help but express his concern. 
Even though everyone supported the Sword Saintess, they couldn’t help but worry now. 
They all tried to persuade her, “This won’t work. Half of us dealing with the goblins is enough. The rest of us will go with you to Dragon Island for safety.” 
“Right, you are the holy sword protecting the empire. Nothing must happen to you.” 
“Or we can all go deal with the dragon first, then the goblins?” 
They weren’t trying to mix in some assistance; they genuinely feared for the Sword Saintess’s safety. 
She was the empire’s pride. 
The hero of adventurers! 
Many troublesome monsters had been personally executed by her. 
They had all witnessed the ancient dragon from Dragon Island coming to harass them daily. 
It was obvious that side wouldn’t be easy to handle. 
Yet, Alicenia insisted on her decision, “Thank you for your concern. I am confident.” 
“In that case, I’ll go to Dragon Island with the Sword Saintess. Everyone, although we had some disagreements earlier, please trust that I can protect the Sword Saintess!” 
The Wandering Hero jumped in again, looking serious. 
The entire scene fell silent. 
Eyes full of contempt looked at him as if he were an idiot. 
Alicenia had no choice but to say, “Alright then, I’ll go to Dragon Island with him. The goblins will be left to you all.” 
“If the Sword Saintess arranges it this way, we will comply!” 
Immediately, everyone began to prepare. 
Led by Edison, they included another Diamond-level adventurer team. 
Along with seven or eight platinum and many gold-level teams. 
The total number was nearly two hundred. 
This force could easily sweep through a super-large goblin tribe. 
As for the Wandering Hero, he puffed out his chest, almost lifting his nose to the sky, filled with joy, “Being able to fight alongside the Sword Saintess! I will surely be promoted to Epic adventurer after this, maybe even higher!” 
“Stay close. Let’s make this quick.” Alicenia ordered. 
They quickly headed towards the coast. 
There was only a small boat. 
The Wandering Hero said, “Leave it to me.” 
He then activated a high-level magic skill, ·Object Control·. 
He could use magic to manipulate objects. 
With this, the speed of the small boat matched that of a speedboat. 
This was the main reason the Sword Saintess chose to bring him along. 
Steering the small boat, they sped across the sea. 
Alicenia took the opportunity to ask about recent events, “Has anyone dealt with those goblins?” 
“Sword Saintess, you might not believe it, but Cecil, Gru, and even the Cold-Blooded Mercenaries all went, and none returned. 
Oh no, just Cecil escaped, but with a broken leg.” 
The Wandering Hero patiently answered, full of surprise. 
Hearing this, the Sword Saintess was quite astonished, “I miscalculated. I thought everyone working together could handle it. There’s still a risk; those guys are growing too fast…” 
The Wandering Hero remained silent, not wanting to bring up the Sword Saintess’s sad matter again. 
But with everyone working together, there should be no problem. 
Thanks to her command, how could they obediently work without pay otherwise? 
Alicenia stood up, looking at the distant Dragon Island, “Let’s make this quick.” 
Dragon Island loomed larger and larger. 
They could even see the wyverns coming out to hunt in the morning. 
Alicenia and the Wandering Hero stepped onto the soft beach, preparing for battle. 
The Wandering Hero seemed to enjoy himself, “This place, who knew it would be so beautiful? Just too many flying lizards, what a downer.” 
“Roar!” 
A wyvern out hunting immediately spotted them. 
It extended its sharp, giant claws, intending to grab and kill them, then bring them back to eat. 
The Wandering Hero instantly became alert, “Sword Saintess, be careful! A dragon is coming…” 
Before he could finish speaking. 
A flash of the sword! 
The massive lizard, over ten meters long, was instantly decapitated! 
Its headless body twisted and struggled wildly on the beach. 
Dragon blood splattered far, staining the entire beach red. 
“Follow me!” 
Alicenia dashed forward, swiftly scaling a small cliff over twenty meters high. 
Intentionally exposing herself, she drew every dragon in to slaughter them. 
“Roar!” 
Deafening roars tore through the sky! 
They crazily attacked Alicenia. 
“High-tier Sword Skill · Edge!” 
“Swish!” 
Alicenia lightly swung her sword! 
The brilliant sword light seemed to be etched into this space! 
The incoming wyvern was sliced into pieces! 
Killing dragons was like killing chickens. 
The Wandering Hero was still struggling to climb up the small hill bit by bit! 
He saw the corpses of wyverns falling around him, the sky looking like it was raining blood. 
He was soaked, becoming a drenched chicken. 
He couldn’t help but smile bitterly, “Seriously, for others, killing a dragon is a lifetime’s honor. What does she take dragons for?” 
By the time he had exerted all his strength and climbed up in a sorry state, there were no more dragons flying around. 
“Sword Saintess, how many dragons did you kill?” 
The Wandering Hero couldn’t help but ask in astonishment. 
Alicenia stood with her sword, shaking her head, “I didn’t count, just kill them all.” 
This was her purpose for coming here. 
The Wandering Hero swallowed, estimating that nearly twenty dragons had been killed. 
Some were in fragments and hard to count. 
At this moment. 
On the highest Dragon Mother Mountain. 
A relatively small dragonling flew over, conversing in dragon language. 
“I see, I didn’t expect that crazy woman could recover, especially at this time.” 
The Purple-Gold Dragon Mother looked somewhat sorrowful, gazing into the distance, as if making a decision. 
Now, nearly all the dragons on Dragon Island had been slaughtered. 
Only a few dragonlings remained, and the Purple-Gold Dragon Mother had already sent them away. 
Moreover. 
Beneath her massive body lay a black and green dragon egg. 
The Purple-Gold Dragon Mother carefully kissed the dragon egg and said, “Remember, your father was a goblin, a very special small goblin.” 
The dragon egg seemed to wobble in response. 
After speaking, she grabbed the dragon egg and hid it in a very secluded sandy spot. 
“Crazy woman, let’s make a decision!” 
“Whoosh!” 
The next second, the Purple-Gold Dragon Mother flapped her enormous wings, soaring straight into the sky! 
Alicenia noticed from afar, gazing at the sky, “Finally here?” 
“What, what is here?” 
The Wandering Hero looked around, gathering magic in his hands to prepare for an attack. 
But he saw nothing. 
It wasn’t until the massive shadow blocked the sunlight over their location that he finally noticed! 
“Roar!” 
But what came at them was a torrent of purple dragon flame! 
Like a waterfall flood pouring down from the sky! 
Unstoppable. 
Alicenia raised her long sword before her eyes, chanting, “Sword Qi Tempest!” 
As always, a powerful air wave surged up, forcibly blocking the purple flames. 
But the intense heat still scorched the surrounding flowers and grass, curling them into clumps instantly. 
The Wandering Hero fanned himself and the Sword Saintess like a little brother beside her. 
The dragon flame dissipated. 
The Purple-Gold Dragon Mother spoke in disgust, “I didn’t expect that woman defeated by goblins to climb back up again? How dare you show your face and cling to life?” 
“What happens to me is none of your concern, but since you threaten my people, your life will be taken by me! Come on!” 
Alicenia faced the giant dragon, showing no fear. 
The Wandering Hero, who initially planned to slaughter the ancient dragon, now felt his legs go weak. 
The dragon was too big! 
There was no way he could be an opponent! 
The Purple-Gold Dragon Mother didn’t speak further, swinging her massive tail! 
“Boom!” 
The small mountain shattered instantly! 
As Alicenia dodged, she grabbed the Wandering Hero, finding him a hindrance and tossing him aside. 
“Thank you, thank you. How could I possibly block this?” 
Thrown aside like a chick, the Wandering Hero wasn’t angry but rather grateful. 
He continued to watch from the sidelines. 
The Purple-Gold Dragon Mother continued her attack, her mouth starting to form a huge magic circle! 
The purple-gold stones on her body began to glow, merging with the magic circle. 
Next, she launched a dense barrage of crystal attacks! 
Alicenia stood firm, slashing all the crystals aimed at her into pieces! 
Those falling around were like cannonballs, blasting dust over ten meters high, scaring the Wandering Hero into running like a wild dog. 
Getting hit meant certain death. 
“Damn! How did she fly up?” 
While he was still running, Alicenia had already stepped on the incoming crystals, heading into the sky! 
“Steel Gale!” 
The holy sword in Alicenia’s hand buzzed and vibrated! 
It shot out tangible sword qi! 
Like flying broadswords, the power was immense. 
A painful dragon roar echoed, rippling the space! 
“Roar!” 
The sword qi forcibly interrupted the Purple-Gold Dragon Mother’s attack, slashing several bloody wounds on her skin! 
In pain, she quickly dodged, her eyes full of reluctance. 
Alicenia moved swiftly and decisively, not giving her a chance to breathe, directly aiming for the dragon’s head to pierce it! 
At this moment. 
On a beach, something seemed to be emerging from the sand. 
“Whoosh.” 
Digging forcefully through the sand, a black, green-spotted dragon head emerged. 
A small dragon slowly crawled out. 
It was about the size of a carnivorous horse, roughly three meters long. 
This was the offspring of Lin Tian and the Purple-Gold Dragon Mother. 
It wasn’t a goblin but had a dragon’s body! 
Only the skin had some green spots. 
… 
Discord (announcements and updates!)? <a href="https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC">https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC</a> 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 45: The Dragon’s Nest! 
TL: Sungmin 
Upon hearing the painful roar of the Purple-Gold Dragon Mother, the little creature hurriedly began flapping its wings, as thin as a cicada’s. 
It tried hard to fly towards the sound. 
Initially, it attempted a few times, only to fall after reaching about ten meters in height. 
But within just a few minutes, it managed to fly! 
Such a growth rate was incomparable to that of normal dragons. 
Dragons were naturally strong yet relatively rare due to their difficult reproduction and particularly slow growth cycles. 
Especially the ancient dragons. 
While it often took months for a young dragon to fly, this one could soar within minutes! 
This was the effect of goblin genes. 
At this moment, on the beach on the west side of Dragon Island. 
The Purple-Gold Dragon Mother had already been blinded in one eye and had fallen onto the sand, causing the entire Dragon Island to tremble! 
Alicenia, cold and ruthless, said, “Just a bit off.” 
She had aimed for the forehead earlier but had missed and hit the eye instead. 
The Purple-Gold Dragon Mother was now exhausted, unable to continue in her original form. 
She had to use the skill of demi-human transformation. 
She turned into a woman clad in purple biological armor, but her right eye was a bloody hole, very ghastly. 
“Crazy woman! Today, I will fight you to the death!” 
The Purple-Gold Dragon Mother pulled out a dragon bone sword and charged forward, slashing wildly. 
“Clang!” 
A harsh metallic sound rang out. 
The dragon bone sword was flicked away by Alicenia, landing in the sea. 
Alicenia coldly said, “Stop resisting, it’s meaningless. Is there only one ancient dragon on this vast Dragon Island?” 
Logically, there should have been a male dragon with the female dragon during her reproductive period. 
But most of the dragons on the island had been killed, leaving only low-level wyverns. 
“Hmph, what does it matter to you? What, are you scared?” 
The Purple-Gold Dragon Mother, now half-kneeling on the ground, taunted. 
She was now covered in scars, her lava-like dragon blood splattered everywhere. 
This was valuable stuff. 
The Wandering Hero had been collecting it the whole time, each drop worth many gold coins, forgetting he came to slay the dragon. 
He was slacking the entire time. 
Alicenia didn’t say much more, her tall body as imposing as a towering mountain. 
She raised her long sword, ready to execute the Purple-Gold Dragon Mother. 
“Whoosh!” 
“Boom!” 
Suddenly, a black fireball shot towards her from afar, exploding in flames. 
Alicenia was slightly surprised but unharmed. She looked over and said, “Is this a hatchling?” 
“Don’t hurt my mom!” 
The little black dragon hurriedly flew in front of the Purple-Gold Dragon Mother, shielding her. 
But the next second, it was slapped away by a fierce sword strike, staggering. 
The Purple-Gold Dragon Mother, both touched and worried, said, “Run quickly, flee to the place in your memory! Only there is safe!” 
Ancient dragons had memory inheritance across generations. 
That place was the Dragon’s Nest. 
“Swish!” 
As soon as the Purple-Gold Dragon Mother finished speaking. 
A cold gleam flashed. 
A dragon’s head flew high! Blood spurted ten meters far! 
Decisive and ruthless, that had always been Alicenia’s character. 
Especially when dealing with monsters threatening Bright Town. 
The Purple-Gold Dragon Mother’s head was directly severed! 
The demi-human transformation began to undo. 
Her body reverted to its original form, the headless giant body struggling on the ground, toppling all the surrounding coconut trees. 
The dragon wings kept flapping, stirring up a fierce wind. 
“Mom! Mom!” 
The little black dragon cried out in pain at this scene. 
Veins of anger bulged on its head! 
Its abdomen clearly burning with fierce flames! 
It was gathering its most powerful attack! 
Annihilation Dragon Flame! 
“Boom!” 
It shot directly at the Sword Saintess! 
Unfortunately, she lightly blocked it, her cold and resolute gaze then turning to the little black dragon. 
She was very kind, but only to those she protected. 
If anyone dared to intrude, even close friends and family, she would show no mercy. 
The little black dragon was already furious. Having just met its mother, it now saw her beheaded! 
Roaring, it lunged at Alicenia. 
At this moment, the Wandering Hero thought it was his time to act, “Sword Saintess, stop! Leave this to me!” 
He gathered a few white magic balls and hurled them! 
Each one had the power of a cannonball. 
But the little black dragon dodged them all at high speed, then spat a glob of pitch-black, foul phlegm directly onto the warrior’s face. 
The powerful corrosive effect instantly disfigured his face! 
Just as its teeth were about to sink into his neck, Alicenia kicked the little black dragon, sending it flying dozens of meters away! 
It landed heavily in the grass. 
Too strong, this woman was not his match. 
It turned and flew towards the sky, escaping from there. 
Under the healing effect of the potion, the Wandering Hero barely recovered a bit, but still had shocking scars. “That black and green lizard! I want to stew him!” 
“He fled. Considering he hasn’t harmed the citizens of the Lionheart Empire, I didn’t kill him.” 
Alicenia wiped the golden dragon blood off her sword and sheathed it. 
She was calm and composed. 
In front of her was a hundred-meter-long dragon corpse. 
Cleaning it up was no pressure at all. 
After all, the Purple-Gold Dragon Mother’s overall combat strength was less than three thousand, relying on her size advantage. 
Her strength in demi-human form was about two thousand. 
How could she be a match for Alicenia’s four thousand overall strength? 
The Wandering Hero, gnashing his teeth in anger, tried to cover his embarrassment, “Damn it, I messed up earlier. Really, I didn’t perform well. It felt like my body was lagging, and my vision was freezing.” 
It wasn’t just the pain; it was also the shame! 
He had come to slay the dragon, yet couldn’t even kill a dragon hatchling and was nearly killed himself. 
He could only say this to save face. 
“It’s time to go. It’s been less than half a day, we can still make it to provide support. I want to personally eradicate these goblin pests threatening Bright Town.” 
Alicenia didn’t care and was thinking about the goblins she needed to deal with. 
The Wandering Hero nodded, and the two returned to the small boat to set off. 
But an unexpected situation occurred. 
As soon as he used magic, his body felt completely drained. 
Even after drinking a magic potion, his mana was depleted almost immediately. 
The Wandering Hero looked shocked, “Sword Saintess, my magic seems to be useless. It’s that damned little lizard! That dragon flame of his can erode magic!” 
“So what are you waiting for? Start rowing.” 
Alicenia remained calm, tossing him a regular iron sword to use as an oar. 
The Wandering Hero, filled with guilt, could only row obediently. 
Rowing back would take one or two days. 
… 
Watching the small boat disappear over the horizon, the little black dragon peeked out from behind a rock. 
With eyes full of tears, it flew towards the corpse of the Purple-Gold Dragon Mother. 
It cried bitterly. 
“Mom, wake up, Mom.” 
It nudged the Purple-Gold Dragon Mother’s body with its little head, but to no avail. 
Suddenly, it seemed to remember something, “Right, the Dragon’s Nest, they must have a way to revive Mom!” 
It then picked up the Purple-Gold Dragon Mother’s head, ready to leave. 
But the dragon’s head weighed several thousand pounds, and its newly born, hungry, and weak body couldn’t carry it. 
The little black dragon looked at the Purple-Gold Dragon Mother’s body, “I’m sorry, Mom!” 
Tearfully, it ate the Purple-Gold Dragon Mother’s entire body, bite by bite. 
In the animal kingdom, many creatures ate their mothers. 
This wasn’t surprising, especially since the little black dragon now urgently needed an energy supply. 
After eating, its originally two to three-meter body grew to twenty or thirty meters! 
Its scales began to shine, and its wings became full! 
The original green spots turned into crack-like green patterns. 
They looked like shocking wounds. 
This time. 
It picked up the broken head of the Purple-Gold Dragon Mother easily and soared into the clouds! 
Its speed was astonishingly fast! 
Following its memory, it flew towards the end of the sea! 
It flew over islands and continents! 
Whether it was snow-capped mountains or deserts. 
Finally, a tree that seemed to support the heavens and the earth appeared in front of it. 
Looking from afar, the trunk stretched for thousands of kilometers! The entire horizon was this tree! 
The canopy looked like a falling star! 
It was so large that it covered the sky! 
This was the ‘World Tree’! 
The Dragon’s Nest was beneath the tree. 
As it approached the root of the tree, it indeed saw a huge abyss, like a bloody maw. 
The little black dragon quickly dived down. 
Breaking through the fog, it finally saw the true appearance of the Dragon’s Nest. 
Located in the magma layer hundreds to thousands of meters underground, the place was scorching with rolling lava. 
However, amidst the lava and flames, there were islands where one could stand. 
Many peculiar plants, trees, and small animals grew there. 
Looking up, it seemed like an endless sky. 
But it was actually the hollow trunk of the World Tree. 
The little black dragon slowly landed on an island full of dead trees, looking around curiously at this unfamiliar and terrifying environment. 
But it didn’t feel scared at all. 
As it was being curious, a pair of scorching, eerie eyes slowly opened above. 
“Boom!” 
Immediately, a gigantic creature fell! 
It stomped him underfoot like an ant. 
The little black dragon struggled continuously, but couldn’t break free due to the massive size of the creature, only exposing half of its body and head. 
It saw clearly what was stepping on it. 
A brown giant dragon, at least five hundred meters long, was curiously examining him with golden dragon flames. 
It laughed, “It seems a little ant crawled in from outside. Hmm, a dragon’s scent. Whose offspring are you?” The brown giant dragon asked. 
At this moment, ancient dragons began to appear in the air one after another, even densely packed! 
They flew and hovered. 
The immense pressure would have suffocated an ordinary human. 
Nearby, an even larger dragon, nearly seven hundred meters long, landed on an island. 
Its body was covered in deep scars. 
With fierce eyes, it said, “Greyl, why don’t you step on me? Instead, you’re stepping on a hatchling?” 
Greyl was the brown dragon. Annoyed, it said, “Scar, don’t think I’m afraid of you! Just because you’re bigger than me? Wait till I grow up…” 
It wanted to say more but was scared into silence by Scar’s cold gaze. 
It quickly released the little black dragon. 
Scar’s mountain-sized body made the little black dragon look like an ant. 
At this time, more dragons landed around them. 
They were of various colors and shapes, some nearly a thousand meters long! 
They surrounded the little black dragon. 
All of them were examining him, wondering whose child he was. 
Then, a deep, beastly voice echoed! 
“Growl…” 
The heavy voice resonated throughout the Dragon’s Nest! 
At that moment, all the dragons bowed down, not daring to lift their heads. 
… 
Discord (announcements and updates!)? <a href="https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC">https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC</a> 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 46: ‘Despair’·Nidhogg 
TL: Sungmin 
In the distance, a towering fiery figure leaped out from beneath a lava waterfall! 
Lava continuously slid down its body. 
It finally landed on a distant, higher island. 
No matter how stubborn the little black dragon was, at this moment, it felt oppressed! Oppression from its genes! 
The blazing body that emerged from the lava was grand and enormous! 
It looked like a volcano engulfed in flames! 
It didn’t have scales like other dragons, but rather large red-black armor plates, with hot lava flowing through the gaps in the armor. 
All the dragons appeared extremely insignificant in front of it! 
This was the Dragon King of the Dragon Nest, the ancient world-destroyer, the ‘Flame Dragon Mother’. 
As soon as it arrived, the Flame Dragon Mother saw a purple-gold head in the bushes beside the little black dragon, “Is that Ferbis’ head? Who exactly are you?” 
Hearing this, some dragons finally reacted. 
They looked carefully, and it was indeed a dragon’s head. 
Their eyes began to turn fierce and violent! 
Especially Greyl, who bared its teeth and glared at the little black dragon, “Hurry up and answer the Dragon King’s question!” 
Saying this, he slapped the little black dragon hard, sending it flying and nearly falling into the lava. 
The little black dragon glared fiercely at that guy and then replied, “Dragon King, that is my mother’s head. I found this place through inherited memories. Can you save my mother?” 
“Such sharp cuts and a divine aura, it’s her alright.” Scar examined the head and sighed. 
All the scars on his body were also thanks to the Sword Saintess. 
“What a pity, Ferbis inherited the old Dragon King’s crystal dragon abilities, yet she died just like that.” 
“Who told her to stubbornly go to the outside world?” 
“So this little guy is Ferbis’ child? Then who is his father?” 
At the last dragon’s words, everyone was suddenly enlightened. 
That’s right, the Purple-Gold Dragon Mother went out alone, logically there shouldn’t be any other ancient dragons mating with her. 
The Flame Dragon Mother was also puzzled and asked, “Little one, who is your father?” 
“I don’t know, I’ve never seen him, but my mom said he’s a goblin.” 
The little black dragon, new to society, didn’t understand the evil nature of dragons. 
It said it directly. 
All the other dragons looked enlightened, “I see, huh? Wait a minute!” 
Scar was the first to question, “What did you say! What! A goblin? Your father is a goblin???” 
This was even more shocking than a bolt from the blue! 
Everyone was extremely agitated. 
The little black dragon nodded, but it didn’t care about that, looking at the Dragon King, “Dragon King, can you save my mother? I don’t want her to die.” 
“Boom!” 
At this moment, another foot stomped down hard. 
Greyl said viciously and evilly, “Little one, now is not the time to discuss whether your mother can be saved or not. It’s about how you should die. Dragon King, let me eat him?” 
“Damn it, mingling with a goblin, it’s a disgrace to the old Dragon King’s name!” 
“The proud inheritor of the crystal dragon abilities, actually, actually mated with a goblin!” 
“Fortunately, she’s dead, and this little bastard must die too, the shame of our ancient dragon race!” 
The little black dragon’s words directly stirred up the group’s anger! 
The noble ancient dragon race had been polluted by goblin blood. 
This was absolutely intolerable. 
The Flame Dragon Mother pondered, feeling at a loss. 
The little black dragon could be considered the old Dragon King’s grandson, and now that the old Dragon King was dead, only this unique crystal dragon bloodline remained. 
One must know, the crystal dragon had ascended to the position of Dragon King many times in the history of the ancient dragons. 
Finally, she spoke, “Little one, do you want to survive?” 
“I don’t, as long as my mother can be saved, I’ll die willingly!” The little black dragon continued to plead. 
The Flame Dragon Mother, seeing this, felt a bit soft-hearted, “Saving your mother is for later, but only if you can survive. The condition is to defeat the dragon beside you.” 
“Keke, thank you Dragon King, for giving me some fun.” 
Greyl immediately opened his huge mouth and bit towards the little black dragon! 
Scar couldn’t help but sigh, “Poor little one, experiencing such things right after birth, perhaps death is the best destination, otherwise, another world-destroying dragon will arise.” 
The reason why the ancient dragon race now hid under the trees far from human habitation. 
It was inseparable from the influence caused by those predecessors. 
Whenever an adult dragon close to a kilometer in length went out to cause trouble, human prophets would say that the ancient dragon was coming to destroy the world. 
So they were often slaughtered by the entire continent, regardless of if they were humans, monsters, or other races and subhumans. 
Just as Greyl was about to enjoy the dragon meat feast, the little black dragon, seeing the bloody mouth, surprisingly didn’t hesitate! 
It accelerated and dived in! 
It startled Greyl, who was caught off guard. While the little black dragon was stuck in its throat, it prepared to accumulate dragon flames to burn it to death! 
In the throat, the little black dragon saw the rolling heat waves ahead and began to accumulate its own annihilation dragon flames! 
It caused Greyl to choke! 
“Cough cough! Cough… cough!!!” 
Greyl coughed frantically, his throat becoming hoarse, and he felt he could hardly breathe! 
Once the little black dragon entered the stomach, it started to bite and devour madly! 
The pain made Greyl roll on the ground! 
He quickly shouted, “Save me! Dragon King, Scar, Sin! Thunder Calamity! Help me!” 
“Hmph, this is the king’s decision. You have to win on your own.” Scar said disdainfully. 
No one had ever thought that Greyl would be counter-killed. 
In a short time, his internal organs were completely devoured! 
Due to the thick scales making it impossible to break out of the body, the little black dragon didn’t mind and directly drilled out from the belly. 
It was bathed in golden dragon blood! 
It wasn’t a debate! 
At this moment, most dragons had grim expressions, not expecting it to survive. 
Only Scar was somewhat pleased, “Well done, little one!” 
“Dragon King, I survived, I won! Can you save my mother now?” 
The little black dragon didn’t care about anything else, pleading directly again. 
The astonished look on the Flame Dragon Mother’s face faded, and she pondered before responding, “No problem. Also, from today on, you are one of the members of our Dragon Nest. Do you have a name?” 
“Great! Not yet…” 
The little black dragon was excited and also hopeful. 
The Flame Dragon Mother thought for a moment, “You are a female dragon, so let’s name you Nidhogg.” 
After speaking, she looked at Scar, “Take Ferbis’ head to the roots of the World Tree and make her a wooden dragon.” 
The method of resurrection was simple. 
Just graft the dragon head to the roots of the World Tree and plant it in the soil. 
A wooden body would grow. 
… 
Tian Kuang Tribe. 
After a day of rest, Lin Tian had also recovered under the crazy absorption by the vampire. 
As soon as he went out, he saw Goblin Slayer sitting by the campfire in the living area. 
Lin Tian couldn’t help but ask, “Why are you here? Is there any movement in Bright Town?” 
“You are quite daring. Luckily, the Sword Saintess went to deal with the Dragon Island instead of coming after you, but now two or three hundred adventurers from Bright Town are out there looking for you.” 
Goblin Slayer said while roasting meat. 
Upon hearing this, Lin Tian’s expression became serious. 
He didn’t expect the Sword Saintess to still be active. There was indeed no pressure during the idle period. 
Now, he had to take it seriously. 
Goblin Slayer continued, “However, hiding here won’t make it easy for them to find you. As long as you don’t go out and expose yourself, you can avoid this wave of trouble.” 
“What’s the situation outside now? Has the Sword Saintess returned?” Lin Tian asked anxiously. 
Goblin Slayer shook her head, “Not yet. She’s probably having trouble on Dragon Island.” 
This made Lin Tian feel a bit relieved. 
He then made a bold decision, “A carpet search by two or three hundred people will eventually expose us. Instead, let’s take the initiative and wipe them out in one go!” 
Moreover, if they devoured this group of experience bags, they might gain the ability to confront the Sword Saintess. 
“You do whatever you want, it’s none of my business.” 
Goblin Slayer neither rejected nor agreed. 
Thus, Lin Tian immediately started the Life Simulation. 
To see if this decision would lead to a terrible failure. 
[Life Simulation System is starting. Current plot: Siege 
With the Sword Saintess regaining herself, the adventurers of Bright Town launched the largest joint siege. 
They checked every bit of the enchanted forest bit by bit. 
Thanks to your excellent concealment techniques, you haven’t been discovered yet. 
However, to quickly enhance the tribe’s strength, you chose to send out some goblins and expose the tribe’s location. 
This move was very risky; you had to make sure there were no survivors. 
Soon, an adventurer discovered the goblins and found the waterfall cave. He didn’t rush in but went to notify all the adventurers. 
The adventurers held a meeting, geared up, and prepared to wipe you out in one go and then return to drink. 
Things were developing according to your plan. 
Soon, those adventurers gathered outside the waterfall, ready to enter the cave. 
You had already set traps and guards in various parts of the cave, killing them one by one as they entered. 
Even the powerful adventurers couldn’t withstand being ambushed and assassinated. 
After dozens of deaths, the adventurers began to change their plans, not daring to rush in. 
Option 1: Take this opportunity to attack and annihilate them, score 50! 
Option 2: Continue like this, kill as many as they come, score 40 
Option 3: Negotiate for a truce, score 20] 
Seeing the system’s options, Lin Tian certainly wouldn’t choose the third one, as that would be letting the tiger return to the mountain. 
As for option 1, it was feasible and had a good chance to annihilate them, but the significant battle traces would be hard to clean up, which might be discovered by the Sword Saintess later. 
The last option 2 was just a desperate measure. 
Since it was the Life Simulation, he chose option 2. 
[Watching their actions, you chose to stay put and wait for their next attack. 
However, this time they got smart and chose to use magic attacks to clear the path. The goblins couldn’t withstand the large-scale magic. 
Fortunately, the elves drew their bows and arrows, blocking their steps at the corner of the living area. 
Finally, it dragged on until nightfall, and the vampire Lilith decided to help. 
A group of vampires flew outside and attacked from both sides. 
A great victory!] 
“That’s about right.” 
Lin Tian wasn’t surprised, and the development was satisfactory. 
He needed to personally allocate the ‘experience’ to whom. 
The corpses of hundreds of adventurers were enough to create ten Goblin Heroes. 
He then interrupted the Life Simulation. 
… 
Discord (announcements and updates!)? <a href="https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC">https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC</a> 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 47: A New Hostile Tribe! 
TL: Sungmin 
… 
Summary: The narrow cave entrance has a significant terrain advantage, but don’t forget the help from the vampires. 
Score: 80 points (out of 100) 
Reward: Life Points x80 
This life simulation is complete, with a time progress of 1 day. 
“Do you want to transmigrate to the simulation progress?” 
“Transmigrate.” 
As a white light flashed through his mind, Lin Tian stood by the bloody cave entrance. 
The surroundings were filled with the corpses of slain adventurers. 
Lilith and her companions were drinking the fresh blood from the still-warm bodies, “This taste is exquisite! Human blood is indeed the best!” 
Now, infected by the blood, they were terrifying to the extreme. 
Their fangs and claws were hideous, their skin pale, and their mouths were full of blood as they crazily bit into the necks of the dead. 
The goblins were so frightened they retreated to the side, not daring to approach. 
Goblin Slayer smiled lightly, “Interesting, a goblin cave inhabited by elves, humans, vampires, and me, a half-human, half-goblin.” 
“Cough, cough, Lia, Gobu Yue, go deal with the outside first, don’t let it be exposed.” 
Lin Tian didn’t dare to disturb Lilith and her group. He asked, “Gobu Tian, no adventurers escaped, right?” 
“I’ve been guarding, no one escaped.” Gobu Tian replied. 
Thus, it was a complete victory. 
Hundreds of corpses were piled up in the living area, forming several small hills! 
The smell of blood was overwhelming. 
Loder’s pupils trembled, and he was drenched in cold sweat! 
The fear ingrained in his genes caused his heart rate to soar; he couldn’t even manage a smile! 
Even staying in this ghastly place for so long, he felt extreme terror! 
It was something inherent in human genes, unavoidable. 
In his heart, he prayed, “Father, and the Church, when will you come to save me? Cecil! You must deliver the message!” 
He didn’t expect hundreds of adventurers to die! 
Even many who were somewhat famous. 
Now, he could only hope his family would go all out or seek help from the Holy Church, especially since Ifreya was also captured. 
On the other side, Lin Tian finally managed to handle everything. 
What remained were a bunch of experience-packed corpses. 
He then counted the higher-level members of the tribe. 
Among the high-level ones, many had died, and now only fifteen were left. 
But all were at levels forty-seven or forty-eight. 
Hundreds of corpses could easily allow them to evolve into hero variants. 
“You guys come up and devour.” 
Lin Tian called out the dozen or so big variants. 
Upon hearing this order, they were ecstatic, “Thank you, Boss!!” 
They grabbed a delicate girl’s slender arm and bit down! The blood oozed out like peach juice, and they ate it along with the bone! 
It was a very tender texture. 
Then they opened the head and sucked the delicious brain. 
This girl weighed at least eighty to ninety pounds, yet within a minute, she was devoured clean. 
The goblin race was hated because they had to eat others to level up, unlike the human race, who only needed to kill enemies to level up. 
One goblin next to them had a peculiar taste and started with the fat ones. 
They sliced the fat belly with an iron sword. 
Fat oozed out, covering the ground, and the entire body looked greasy. 
The yellowish fat flowed out, resembling a butter cake. 
If it were grilled, the taste would be even better. 
But now, just having something to eat was good enough, so they devoured it ravenously. 
Because some adventurers were low-level, maybe only around level twenty or thirty. 
These dozen or so goblins devoured about a hundred people and finally reached level fifty, completing their evolution! 
The one who liked to eat fat was the first to start transforming, curling up as layers of green hard skin fell off. 
His body began to swell up continuously. 
He grew so fat he looked like a giant, his features almost indistinguishable, even fatter than ‘Mon-chan’ by a factor of two! 
If goblins were ugly, then he was uglier than a goblin. 
Lin Tian quickly checked this ugly creature’s attributes. 
[Gluttonous Goblin], with very high health, overall combat power of 1100, suitable as a tank. 
Possessed the exclusive skill ‘Gluttony’; the more he ate, the higher his health. 
He was a rare special variant. 
Most others were the most common hero variants, [Heavy Goblins], with overall strength of 900, and fully armed, they could exceed 1000. 
These goblins could wield large weapons, and if holding a giant hammer, they would be called Giant Hammer Goblins. 
Compared to typical big variant goblin warriors, their height reached about 1.8 meters, and their muscles were larger. 
There were also two more [Dark Goblins], the same as Gobu Tian. 
They belonged to the assassin class. 
Goblin Slayer remarked at this moment, “To think there’s even a Gluttonous Goblin, if he keeps eating, even the Sword Saintess might take a long time to kill him.” 
“That would take quite a long time,” Lin Tian couldn’t help but ask. This guy looked like he could eat a lot. 
With so many mouths to feed in the tribe, it would be impossible to provide enough. 
Goblin Slayer thought for a moment, “He’d have to keep eating for about a year and a half.” 
A year and a half? 
Devouring over a hundred pounds of meat in a minute. 
Lin Tian reconsidered. Since these hero variants weren’t intended for focused nurturing, as long as they could boost the overall combat strength, that would suffice. 
There were still two hundred corpses left. 
Gobu Tian, Gobu Kuang, and Gobu Shan divided one hundred among themselves. 
After all, they were the main fighting force. 
After devouring, they all reached level 60, with a strength of about 1500. Gobu Shan’s was a bit higher. 
After all, he was the only mutant variant. 
The remaining hundred were distributed among the other goblins, boosting the overall level somewhat. 
Unfortunately, the goblin’s Gene Devour skill could only devour innate skills and not those learned later on. 
Humans were the best example; each carried unique skills. 
But eating them only increased their level without gaining new abilities. 
… 
When the Sword Saintess returned, she immediately sensed something was wrong. 
The previously bustling Bright Town had become desolate again. 
She hurried to the tavern to inquire, “Boss, what happened to those who went to eliminate the goblins? Did they all leave?” 
Initially, she thought she had returned too late and that everyone had already left. 
From the Wandering Hero, she learned they had come to join the excitement. 
It was a possibility. 
However, the tavern owner looked grave, “It’s been nearly three days, and no one has returned. I don’t know what happened, maybe…” 
“You stay here; I’ll go myself!” 
Alicenia didn’t hesitate. She mounted her carnivorous horse and headed towards the enchanted forest. 
In the tavern, the Wandering Hero cared little about the others’ lives and said smugly, “Boss, shouldn’t you give this dragon-slaying warrior a drink?” 
“Humph, you barely did anything. If you want a drink, pay for it.” The tavern owner retorted irritably. 
Fighting alongside the Sword Saintess, what help could he be? The best he could do was not cause trouble. 
The Wandering Hero, feeling a bit embarrassed, took out a silver coin with a forced smile. 
In the following days, 
Alicenia tirelessly searched for any sign of the adventurers, combing through forests and canyons. 
She found it incredibly strange, “Why can’t I find any trace? Did hundreds of people just vanish? Or did they flee?” 
If she had to be serious, she preferred to believe they fled. 
Vanishing was almost impossible. 
So many people, not even leaving battle marks, were completely wiped out? Even if she fought, there would be signs of battle. 
She could only return to Bright Town in frustration. 
The Wandering Hero was still there, waiting for others to return and brag about slaying an ancient dragon. 
Seeing the Sword Saintess return, he quickly asked, “Sword Saintess, did you find them?” 
“Not a single trace, it’s as if hundreds of people vanished.” 
The confusion never left Alicenia’s face. 
In a fit of anger, she grabbed a whole bottle of whiskey. 
She downed it as if it were nothing. 
The Wandering Hero couldn’t believe it either. Hundreds of adventurers vanishing seemed impossible. 
He quickly suggested, “Sword Saintess, could there be something fishy?” 
“Do me a favor, guard Bright Town. I need to go out for a bit, no more than a month.” 
Finally, Alicenia stood up, looking serious. 
The Wandering Hero didn’t refuse, “I won’t decline your request, but where are you going…” 
Alicenia walked out of the tavern and mounted her carnivorous horse, “I need to gather my former team and deal with those goblins. I refuse to believe goblins can stir up such trouble.” 
With that, she kicked her horse and left Bright Town. 
Long ago, she had been an adventurer and held a legendary badge, though that was a long time ago. 
Since being recognized by the Holy Sword, she had left her team. 
“So exciting! Because of a group of goblins, the legendary hunter team is reassembling!” 
The Wandering Hero sighed. Witnessing such a moment would boost his own fame! 
… 
In the cave, 
Lin Tian had sent Gobu Tian and the others to check the situation and learned that the Sword Saintess had left Bright Town. 
Finally, after hiding for so long, they could go out and breathe some fresh air! 
“Lilith, do you want to go out and have some fun?” Lin Tian asked. 
Lilith licked her lips, her eyes hazy, “No, I’m a homebody. I’m happy as long as I’m fed.” 
Goblin Slayer, somewhat annoyed, said, “You eat all day, I never get a turn. Damn bat, want me to burn you with fire?” 
“Hehehe.” 
Gobu Yue forced a bitter smile beside them, seeing them about to argue again. 
She had witnessed such scenes too many times. 
Lin Tian quickly mediated, “Blame me, alright? I’ll work hard so everyone can have their share.” 
If not for his goblin body, he couldn’t handle so much. 
Besides, Gobu Yue required mating at least once a day to keep her level up. 
Though he didn’t know the world’s level cap, continuous improvement was better than none. 
The elf Lia also needed loyalty maintenance, so she had to be fed. 
Luckily, only Lilith needed help among the vampires, or he would have been drained dry. 
“I need to find a way to improve my body; it’s severely limiting my power.” Lin Tian sighed. 
Every night, they didn’t spare him, often taking advantage when he was asleep. 
He woke up the next day feeling weak and sore. 
Could goblins even get such a disease? 
He finally muttered, “I’ll rely on the system to see if there’s a way to evolve my body.” 
Just then, a goblin sentry rushed in frantically, “Boss! A small goblin team from another tribe is approaching! They seem to be coming for us!” 
“Coming for us?” 
Lin Tian frowned. There shouldn’t be any goblin tribes within a hundred miles. 
Could it be the previous owner of this cave? 
He immediately ordered, “Gobu Tian, Gobu Shan, get ready. We need to capture this team alive; they might be a special squad from a larger tribe!” 
… 
Discord (announcements and updates!)? <a href="https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC">https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC</a> 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 48: 7th-tier Magic Ring! 
TL: Sungmin 
“No problem, Boss!” 
Immediately, Gobu Shan and the other two, along with a few goblins, stealthily rushed out. 
Hiding behind the waterfall, they peeked through the faint gaps in the water flow to observe the approaching goblin squad. 
Lin Tian also followed to assess the situation. 
Across the river, on the grassland, ten goblins were slowly approaching. 
They looked quite familiar with the route. 
And they were all big variants! The small leader at the front was even a hero variant! 
It was a special variant Lin Tian had never seen before. 
It was nearly 1.8 meters tall, with knotted muscles and yellow-black striped fur all over its body, somewhat resembling a tiger. 
[Beast Goblin: Lv50<br/>
Race: Goblin<br/>
Profession: None<br/>
Title: Beast King Hybrid, God’s Blessing, Hero’s Power…<br/>
Health: 750<br/>
Strength: 240<br/>
Defense: 230<br/>
Skills: Beast Bloodline, Tiger Bite…<br/>
Equipment: Bone Club, Leather Armor<br/>
Overall: 800] 
Its strength was indeed impressive, but Lin Tian couldn’t help but wonder what kind of tribe it belonged to. 
Even hero variants were just team leaders. 
It definitely wasn’t smaller than his own tribe, perhaps even much larger. 
Luckily, they didn’t know how to cultivate and forge ironware, so this hero variant’s combat power was far inferior to Gobu Kuang and the others. 
At the same level, it would be about a hundred points higher in combat power than the big variants of the Tian Kuang Tribe. 
But in a real fight, the big variants certainly couldn’t single-handedly beat the hero variants. 
The big variants behind the Beast Goblin were even weaker. 
They wielded wooden clubs as weapons, had no armor, few devoured skills, and poor aptitude with limited crossbreeding. 
An overall rating of over three hundred was already considered good. 
No wonder those adventurers looked down on them. 
Lin Tian and his group didn’t speak, like hungry wolves waiting for their prey to take the bait. 
At this moment, the Beast Goblin suddenly stopped, its red eyes scanning the surroundings and sniffing, “I smell a faint scent of blood…” 
“Boss, why can’t I smell it?” one of the big variants behind asked, confused. 
The corners of the Beast Goblin’s mouth slightly lifted, revealing an evil, human-like expression that sent chills down people’s spines. 
It felt like being stared at by a white-fronted tiger. 
With its beast bloodline, its sense of smell was undoubtedly many times better than a normal goblin’s. 
Lin Tian frowned, wondering to himself, “Has that guy discovered us?” 
“Maybe some food slipped into the cave. Let’s get ready for a feast.” 
Finally, the Beast Goblin speculated, extending its thick, sticky tongue and licking its lips. 
It continued to walk towards the waterfall cave. 
As they got closer, Gobu Tian and another Dark Goblin struck first! 
Capture the leader first—this was Lin Tian’s combat strategy. 
Immediately, they darted to the Beast Goblin’s feet, slashing its tendons and injecting a large amount of poison! 
“Roar!” 
The Beast Goblin hadn’t even reacted when it let out a painful roar. 
The group of big variants behind it was frightened. Just as they were about to attack, Gobu Tian disappeared into the nearby river in a flash. 
The Beast Goblin hurriedly snarled, “Enemies! Prepare for battle!” 
The big variants calmed down, raised their weapons, and surrounded the Beast Goblin. 
With its tendons cut, it couldn’t stand up at all. 
“Boss, we’ll protect you!” one big variant said proudly, trying to show its loyalty. 
However, from behind the waterfall, Gobu Tian stretched out four large hands and pounced! 
It grabbed the show-off variant and twisted its head off on the spot. The spraying blood scattered their arrogance. 
They all abandoned the Beast Goblin and started to flee. 
When faced with danger, they didn’t care about any leader; their survival was most important. 
“Swish!” 
Bone spikes shot up from the ground. 
But one still managed to almost escape into the forest. 
Lin Tian gathered wind elements and blasted its head into a mushy mess. 
The Beast Goblin on the ground gradually became paralyzed, roaring angrily, “Let me go! I’ll kill you! Who are you?!” 
“Wow, such lovely fur, and sexy hair. I like it! Like it! Like… to eat it!” Gobu Shan said excitedly, eyeing the furry goblin on the ground. 
Hearing this, the Beast Goblin’s eyes widened in fear, both angry and terrified, it could only let out beast-like growls. 
Lin Tian ordered his men to clean up the battlefield and had Gobu Tian patrol the surroundings for any unusual occurrences. 
He then took the Beast Goblin back to the depths of the cave. 
“Do you want to die?” Lin Tian coldly asked as he looked at it. 
The Beast Goblin was furious, “Get lost! Lowly creature, do you believe I’ll eat you!” 
If it were someone of a higher rank, it might have responded differently. 
Before him stood a lowly Small Goblin, interrogating him from a high position. 
He couldn’t tolerate it at all. 
Lin Tian wasn’t angry but smiled contentedly and took out the set of torture instruments he had used on Loder before. 
“Hehehe! Good! Good! Hurry up and deal with him!”  
Not far away, a blackened figure spoke. 
It was the nearly moldy Loder. 
Lin Tian frowned, “Noisy, do you want to try again?” 
The shouting Loder immediately shut his mouth. 
The Beast Goblin, who had been in and out of the mundane world, was not afraid at all, “Hmph, you lowly trash, don’t appear in front of me! I’ll tear you apart!!!” 
“It seems you need a little taste of society’s harshness.” 
Seeing that he couldn’t get any information, Lin Tian sighed. 
The Beast Goblin still wasn’t afraid, “Harshness? From you?” 
He was a beast-like male; was he supposed to be scared? 
… 
“Ahhh! I was wrong!!! Please kill me! Please stop!!!” 
In less than ten minutes. 
The Beast Goblin was already covered in wounds! 
If he could kneel, he would have knelt before Lin Tian and licked his feet. 
His current appearance was quite funny. 
All his fur was gone; Lin Tian had specially burned it off. 
The cave was filled with the aroma of roasted chicken. 
However, he had endured all this without submitting to a lowly goblin. 
The real deal was the torture instrument Lin Tian had used on Loder. 
‘The True Man’s Subjugation Device!’ 
However, Lin Tian certainly wouldn’t do such things himself. He casually called a few goblins with perverse personalities to handle it. 
The Beast Goblin was already in tears, crying like a little girl, “Please, what do you want to ask? Just ask! Boohoo! Hey, hey, you tell me, he tortured me for so long without asking anything. Is this even human? Is this right? Bullying a newcomer like me, boohoo! Meow!” 
Lin Tian shrugged, “Little kitty, you were quite stubborn when I asked you before, so I had to make you feel the pain.” 
Then he got to the point, “Which tribe are you from? Where is your tribe? Why are you here?” 
The Beast Goblin answered truthfully, “I come from the enchanted forest to the west, the Beast King Tribe. This was our boss’s former residence. He sent me back to retrieve something. Boohoo meow, I was just returning to my old home, and you… you…” 
“Alright, don’t cry, little kitty.” 
Lin Tian continued to ask, “What level of goblin is your tribe leader?” 
“Our boss is now a Goblin Lord, but he’s about to evolve into an Overlord.” The Beast Goblin quickly replied. 
Lin Tian didn’t expect to hit such a hard wall this time. 
The overall strength of this tribe was definitely comparable to a human city, very tough to deal with. 
But they had occupied someone else’s old home, and the key was that living here was very comfortable, and he didn’t want to move. 
He decided. 
He would destroy them, making this place rightfully his. 
Seeing Lin Tian’s strange and evil eyes, the Beast Goblin’s legs trembled inexplicably, “Can you let me go now? Please.” 
Lin Tian extended his finger, “Lastly, what did he ask you to retrieve? Where is it?” 
“I don’t know either. He said it was buried in the cave he used to live in.” 
Lin Tian called Gobu Tian and the others, “Quickly, go search for it.” 
Not long after, Gobu Tian brought over a small wooden box. 
The Beast Goblin felt bitter, “Boss, I’m sorry. They are really beasts, too ruthless.” 
Lin Tian slowly opened the box, and inside was a ring emitting a green glow! 
The ring was shaped somewhat like a skull’s mouth, quite eerie. 
But he could still check its description through the system. 
[7th-tier · Feitu Magic Ring: A magic ring crafted by a former leader of the Ghoul Tribe. When successfully cast, it can seal the opponent’s soul into the ring, gaining different power boosts based on the strength of the seized soul.] 
Seeing the skill effect, Lin Tian felt it wasn’t bad. 
After all, it was a seventh-tier piece of equipment. 
“Now that you’ve said everything and I have the item, can you let me go?” the Beast Goblin continued to plead. 
Lin Tian thought for a moment, “I can, but I can only let go of your body. Your soul, well…” 
He then began to try to control the magic ring. 
The activation conditions were quite stringent and not simple; he needed to collect the opponent’s blood to activate it. 
He directly used his claws to cut the Beast Goblin’s wrist, letting the blood drip onto the ring. 
Visibly, the ring absorbed the blood. 
Immediately, eerie green ghostly hands burst forth! They grabbed the Beast Goblin, pulling at his soul! 
During this time, the body could actually resist. 
But the Beast Goblin was paralyzed and had no strength to resist. 
Moreover, the closer the distance, the faster the soul was pulled. If it were too far, the opponent could easily resist. 
The green hands pulled the Beast Goblin’s soul out and into the ring. 
Lin Tian checked the attributes, and his overall strength increased from 2200 to 2400. 
Although it was only a 200-point increase, if he changed to another stronger soul, the nature would be different. 
At this moment, Goblin Slayer saw the corpse on the ground, “Is this a goblin from the Beast King Tribe?” 
“Oh? You know?” 
… 
Discord (announcements and updates!)? <a href="https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC">https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC</a> 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 49: Stirring Up Trouble Is My Forte 
TL: Sungmin 
Lin Tian was somewhat surprised, but upon reflection, it made sense. She was, after all, the Goblin Slayer. 
Immediately, Goblin Slayer responded, “I have heard about it. I had always wanted to exterminate that tribe, but for various reasons, I couldn’t go.” 
“What reasons could possibly stop you?” Lin Tian couldn’t help but ask. 
This guy wanted to kill goblins—who could possibly stop him? 
Goblin Slayer shrugged. “Isn’t it obvious? I couldn’t afford to offend their backers. The Beast King Tribe is affiliated with the Great Tomb. The monsters there are beyond even the Lionheart Empire’s ability to contend with.” 
As she spoke, she noticed something amiss. “Wait, did you guys kill him?” 
“Gulp.” Lin Tian swallowed hard and nodded awkwardly. 
He then inquired, “What exactly is this Great Tomb? You make it sound so terrifying.” 
Goblin Slayer thought for a moment and then explained, “It’s basically the ruler of the thousand-mile-wide enchanted forest to the west of the continent. I don’t know the specifics, but at least one 12th-tier monster, a world-class existence, resides there.” 
“That’s it, then. Twelfth-tier? What am I supposed to fight with, my head?” 
Lin Tian’s heart sank. Damn it, he had transmigrated into a goblin, and now he had to deal with political intrigue? 
But this kind of situation was unavoidable. 
Suddenly, he thought of a perfect plan. 
At this moment, Gobu Kuang was foolishly tearing off a beast goblin’s arm and savoring it. “This taste is delicious!” 
“Get out, get out!” Lin Tian hurriedly kicked him away. Looking at the beast goblin’s corpse, which was still mostly intact, he said, “Hey, what should I call you? You can control goblins, right? Help me out?” 
“Just call me Goblin Slayer. What do you want to do?” Goblin Slayer looked at him puzzled. 
Lin Tian first released the beast goblin’s soul from the magic ring and then had Goblin Slayer control it with her blood. 
Sure enough, just like with Gobu Tian and the others, after drinking Goblin Slayer’s blood, the beast goblin obediently followed orders. 
Lin Tian whispered to Goblin Slayer, “Order him to return to the Beast King Tribe and say that he was injured by nobles from the Lionheart Empire, who also stole the magic ring. You know, the Stantmont and Felemon families.” 
He had previously let Cecil go on purpose, planning to ambush him later and use Loder as a hostage to wipe them out and gain some experience points. 
Now, he hadn’t expected to gain even more experience points for free! 
What kind of sparks would fly between the Beast King Tribe and the imperial nobles? 
Goblin Slayer couldn’t help but admire him. “You’re becoming more and more interesting. Will you be the next Goblin King?” 
At this moment, she was eager to see what would happen next. Her eyes were filled with love for Lin Tian! 
Her eyes turned into heart shapes again. 
She quickly took off her armor and used royal blood to pin Lin Tian down, draining him wildly. 
“Don’t look, don’t look, Gobu Yue, Lia, even Lilith, why are you all out here? Gobu Kuang, you big fool too!” 
Lin Tian felt both embarrassed and pleased. 
He couldn’t understand why he was being overpowered! 
Lia blushed and lowered her head, murmuring to herself, “Is this how I looked when he dominated me? It’s so…embarrassing.” 
“Boss, I didn’t see anything.” 
Gobu Yue, the small goblin, with her flushed face, got so close to Lin Tian that she stared without blinking. 
Lin Tian said angrily, “Alright, alright, if that’s how it is, none of you will escape later!” 
“I-I’ll slip away first.” 
Gobu Yue stuck out her little tongue, pretending to be very busy. 
… 
In the Lionheart Empire, far from the range of Bright Town, there lay a massive human city. 
From a distance, the city appeared boundless, its skyline completely covered by its vast expanse. 
But the most striking feature was the gigantic golden lion statue, several thousand meters tall, in the center! 
It was the iconic building of the Lionheart Empire, the ‘Guardian Lion.’ 
In lion prides, the lion held a high status. Though it rarely hunted, it always led the charge when the pride faced danger. 
This represented the empire’s spirit. 
If the people faced foreign invasion, the empire’s forces would charge forward like a lion. 
At the lion’s feet stood a splendid and magnificent palace, guarded by soldiers in lion-headed silver armor. 
Surrounding it were the castles of the nobility. 
“Father! I’m sorry, I couldn’t complete the task you gave me. I’ve disgraced the honorable Felemon family! Boohoo!” 
In the grand hall of the Felemon family, Cecil, disheveled and hobbling on a crutch, walked in miserably. 
Upon seeing his father, he knelt in agony! 
Above him sat a dignified man in a Western-style leather robe, who already knew Cecil had returned. 
But he had no face to meet him because Cecil was unworthy. 
Almost the entire noble circle knew that Cecil, a Diamond-level adventurer and the eldest son of the Felemon family, had gone to exterminate a group of goblins to avenge the Loder family and himself. 
However, now the entire group had been wiped out, and he had lost a leg. 
Felemon’s face darkened as he coldly said, “Get out! I’m no longer your father! You worthless thing! You’ve brought shame to our family’s honor!” 
“Father, please listen to my explanation. Those goblins were very powerful and extremely intelligent. We were no match for them! Even the Gray Hat Heroes were completely annihilated! But, cousin Loder is still alive!” Cecil cried as he explained. 
Hearing that the Gray Hat Heroes were also completely wiped out, a flash of surprise crossed Felemon’s face. However, this did not restore the family’s honor. 
Previously, the Stantmont family had been laughing at Loder. 
Now? 
Both the Stantmont family and they were being laughed at together. 
In such an era, honor and reputation were extremely important, much like maintaining a clear name in ancient China. 
For nobles, honor was even more important than life. 
So even though Loder had died, the Stantmont family did not send anyone to rescue him. It was only at the Sword Saintess’s request that they dispatched two knight squads to assist. 
For someone who tarnished the family’s honor, death was the best outcome. 
Finally, Felemon said, “Do you know how outsiders are laughing at us? The eldest sons of two families were defeated by goblins?? Even if those goblins were very powerful, it’s still the same!” 
Goblins, the weakest monster species in people’s stereotypes. 
No matter how powerful they were, no one respected them. 
It was like being killed by a strong pile of shit or the king of shit. 
This would be a double death—both physically and in terms of reputation. 
“Father, I… I’m sorry… It was so terrifying, so terrifying…” 
Cecil knelt on the ground, recalling those terrifying scenes in agony. 
His body trembled continuously with fear, and he even wet himself on the spot! 
Everyone in the family was stunned by this scene! 
His siblings showed expressions of surprise and disdain. 
Cecil’s reputation was utterly ruined. 
Felemon’s expression was one of extreme discomfort, as if he had swallowed shit.  
“Goblins! Goblins! What use are you! Being reduced to this by goblins! Drag him out!” 
“Count Felemon, there’s no need to be so angry.” 
At this moment, another middle-aged man with a mustache and a maid by his side walked in. 
He was the head of the Stantmont family. 
Bill Stantmont. 
Seeing him, Felemon felt even more humiliated. “Stantmont, you’ve really caught me at a bad time. My son here is worse off than if he were dead like Loder! Look at his state! Is this still a noble? He’s worse than a commoner!” 
Stantmont glanced at the curled-up, crying Cecil and didn’t care. “Count Felemon, I came to propose that we join forces to restore our families’ honor.” 
“What do you mean? Don’t you know that His Imperial Majesty the Emperor has ordered that nobles above the rank of viscount must keep their troops ready at all times and cannot mobilize them at will?” Felemon said angrily. 
If they could easily mobilize troops, they would have already gathered a large force to wipe out the goblin tribe. 
Stantmont, however, waved a finger. “Your perspective is too limited. It’s true we can’t mobilize our troops easily, but what if we sent part of them to Bright Town as reinforcements?” 
Each person of count rank could mobilize up to five thousand soldiers, including both cavalry and infantry. 
But Felemon retorted, “His Majesty has already sent a message to Alicenia. She’s already taking action. Do we still need to?” 
“That’s not the way to look at it. There are always ways around things. Have your son tell His Majesty that the goblins are numerous and very powerful. Each of us can mobilize a thousand soldiers. Even a Goblin Overlord would be eliminated!” Stantmont said with a sinister smile. 
The families’ honor had to be restored as soon as possible. 
Most importantly, Cecil had said that Loder was still alive! He couldn’t just let him continue living without saving him. 
The scene fell silent for a moment. 
Felemon sighed deeply. “Alright, don’t think I don’t know what you’re planning. You useless thing! Go get cleaned up and come with me to see the king!” 
In the end. 
The Lionheart Emperor approved their request, but they couldn’t mobilize the Imperial Knights, who were of higher strength. 
This meant they could only muster forces from their own families for capable combat power. 
“Hmph, two thousand elite soldiers, and we still can’t take down a goblin tribe? Loder, Loder, if you were dead, I wouldn’t have to go to such lengths!” 
Stantmont muttered coldly, gathering soldiers with Felemon and preparing to set off. 
… 
Elsewhere, 
The Beast Goblin, under Goblin Slayer’s command, was already heading toward the enchanted forest in the far west. 
Since it wasn’t very far, he could reach it by running for ten days. 
From a distance, he could see the sky ahead was extremely dark, as if the sunlight above had been sliced away, unable to penetrate. 
This was the largest enchanted forest on the continent. 
The Beast King Tribe wasn’t a particularly powerful monster force. 
They could only reside on the outskirts of the enchanted forest. 
It wasn’t long before the Beast Goblin reached the outskirts of the tribe. 
This tribe occupied an entire valley and was quite expansive, with about two thousand low-level goblins, three hundred big variants, twenty hero variants, one mutant variant, and one leader variant. 
Outside, it was considered a super-large tribe. 
But within this enchanted forest, it didn’t rank highly and was often bullied by the surrounding monsters. 
… 
Discord (announcements and updates!)? <a href="https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC">https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC</a> 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 50: The Imperial Lion Herd! 
TL: Sungmin 
The valley was densely packed with small huts of various shapes and sizes. 
From a distance, it looked like a mass of goosebumps—there were just so many. 
This was because, unlike Lin Tian, other goblin tribes didn’t refrain from breeding low-level goblins. 
Here, there were at least two to three thousand small goblins. 
The Beast Goblin entered the innermost cave, surrounded by heaps of bones, an eerie white. 
However, he didn’t dare go in. He stood respectfully outside, his voice full of fear as he said, “Boss, I failed.” 
In the pitch-black cave, a pair of blood-red eyes suddenly lit up! 
They stared at him intently! 
“Boss, please don’t be angry, I…” 
The Beast Goblin retreated repeatedly in fear, sweat pouring down his face! 
Inside, a giant beast emerged as if there was an earthquake! 
It was over three meters tall! Covered in animal fur like the Beast Goblin. 
But overall, it looked like a gorilla, with long arms, big fists, and a hairless chest. 
Moreover, there was a tiger-like ‘king’ character on its forehead. 
Its back had crocodile-like skin, and its feet resembled goat hooves. 
It could be described as a mishmash. 
This was the leader variant, the ‘Beast King’ Goblin. 
Previously, his original tribe lived in an environment rich with various wild animals, creating his unique existence. 
Hearing that the Beast Goblin had failed, he immediately extended his large hand, grasping him like a chick! 
“Cough, cough, Boss, I…” 
With immense force, he squeezed, causing the Beast Goblin to vomit blood. His bones shattered, piercing his internal organs. 
The Beast King Goblin said coldly, “Do you know the value of that magic ring? Compared to it, your life is worthless!” 
“But Boss, a human army came to seize it. It was already very difficult for me to escape.” The Beast Goblin cried. 
Upon hearing about the human army, the Beast King Goblin’s eyes shifted. Seeing him injured and with a broken hand, he threw him to the ground. 
He demanded, “You better not be lying to me. What human army?” 
“I’m not lying, at least a few thousand soldiers! They probably haven’t left yet!” 
The Beast Goblin spoke as if singing, his eyes full of fear. 
The Beast King Goblin stared at him deeply. After a long while, he roared to the sky, pounding his chest madly, “Roar!!!” 
The entire valley echoed with a rumbling sound! 
“Gather, attack the humans!” 
As soon as the words fell. 
Goblins began to emerge from the huts, gathering around the Beast King’s cave. 
A vast army, a sight to behold! 
Soon, two to three thousand small goblins, hundreds of big variants, and twenty hero variants, along with one mutant variant, gathered before him. 
Their combined strength rivaled that of an army. 
The Beast King Goblin commanded, “Lead the way! We must retrieve the magic ring!” 
… 
In the Tian Kuang Tribe. 
Lin Tian was fiddling with the items he had looted from the adventurers he had slaughtered. 
The most precious was the simple gunpowder pistol from ‘Edison.’ 
Its power was impressive, though its firing frequency was limited and reloading took time. 
But if he could mass-produce them, even in this world of swords and magic, he could easily handle thousands of troops. 
After several days of disassembling and studying, he roughly understood its structure. However, producing such precise components was challenging. 
It would take some time. 
Calculating, it should be possible. In about 20 days, the human noble army and the Beast King tribe would reach Bright Town. 
Twenty days should be enough to make a hundred pistols. 
By then, it would be easy to pick up the leftovers. 
He then began using a new iron furnace, forging platform, and forging tools. 
At first, he made simple plate armor, which was quite brittle and didn’t offer much defense. 
The weapons were also extremely rough. 
But as the forging tools improved, the equipment became more refined. 
This was why the goblins of the Tian Kuang Tribe were far stronger than those of other tribes. 
Lin Tian didn’t trouble himself with making weapons. 
He left the tedious task to the system. 
He directly activated the Life Simulation, skipping ahead twenty days. 
In total, he obtained 150 simple pistols, along with fifty defective products. 
The kind that would explode after one shot. 
“Boss, what are these things?” 
Next to the blazing furnace, Gobu Yue asked curiously. 
Lin Tian explained, “These are called pistols. They are very powerful and fun to use, more powerful than bows and arrows, and can be fired instantly at close range.” 
“More powerful than bows and arrows?” 
At this moment, Lia walked over curiously. For the past twenty days, she had seen Lin Tian working on these things. 
She hadn’t expected them to be weapons. 
Lin Tian nodded, provoking, “Wanna try?” 
Challenged, Lia also showed a provocative expression, taking out a long sheepskin bow. 
“Let’s start with a precision contest.” 
Then he walked over to Loder, who looked like a lump of dog shit, covered in grime. 
He threw a bunch of apples at him. “Hold these. If I tell you to put one on your head, you do it. If you don’t, I’ll aim for your head instead!” 
Before leaving, he placed one on Loder’s head. 
The just-awakened Loder was still in a daze. 
Then he heard a whooshing sound right by his ear! 
A cold sensation swept over his head! 
He looked up to see an arrow piercing an apple, embedded in the stone wall. 
Scared out of his wits, he quickly put another apple on his head. 
Lia, looking pleased, said, “Bullseye. Let’s see your pistol skills, Boss?” 
“Hmph, I’ve been shooting for years. I’m already a master.” 
Lin Tian glanced lightly at the apple on Loder’s head, picked up the pistol, and spun it once. 
Before Lia could react! 
“Bang!” 
The gunpowder smoke spurted out, and a small iron ball shattered the apple. 
Loder’s forehead was wet with either apple juice or sweat. He was dumbfounded, “What just happened? How did you smash the apple?!” 
It felt sudden. He didn’t even realize the apple had exploded. It felt like his head had exploded! 
In this era, firearms were not popular. Only a few had discovered them. 
“Impossible! Such speed and precision, what kind of weapon is this? A pistol? I want to try it too, Boss!” 
Lia’s eyes were full of excitement, never having seen such a weapon before. 
Lin Tian gestured for her to get one herself, then began teaching how to fire it. 
He took out some gunpowder, poured it into the barrel, placed a small iron ball inside, and used a thin rod to press it down firmly. 
Aim, and fire. 
“Bang!” 
In an instant, a stone next to Loder was shattered into fragments! 
Loder was speechless! 
Such a powerful and precise weapon! 
How could an army possibly stand a chance? 
He was doomed. Sending Cecil to fetch reinforcements would indirectly doom his family. 
“What kind of monster is this? Under that ugly, short exterior, is it really a goblin?” Loder muttered in fear. 
He had planned to be cunning, but now he might have endangered his family. 
However, he suddenly realized that his only pillow had just been shattered. 
Lin Tian also noticed, “Sorry, didn’t realize. Maybe you can piece it back together.” 
“You!” 
Loder wanted to be angry but deflated. He didn’t know who would win the upcoming battle. 
He could only hope his family brought more troops, increasing their chances of victory. 
At this moment, Gobu Tian ran in, “Boss, Bright Town is filled with a large number of armed humans!” 
“Boss, I also saw many goblins approaching!” said another Dark Goblin. 
Lin Tian nodded, “Let’s prepare as well. The show is about to begin.” 
“Roar!” 
Hundreds of big variants roared inside the cave, battle intent surging! 
They had been preparing for days, ready to enter full combat at any moment. 
… 
In Bright Town. 
Count Felemon and Count Stantmont, clad in golden and silver armor, rode carnivorous horses. Their subordinates held high the Lionheart flag, full of vigor! 
Their noble aura, built from years of high status, was unmistakable. 
Behind them were eight hundred iron-hoofed soldiers! Each carnivorous horse covered in iron armor, ridden by well-equipped soldiers. The sound of their hooves was thunderous! 
Further back were a thousand infantrymen! 
Marching in neat formations, the front held large silver shields, spears bristled behind them, advancing in order! 
Flags fluttered and roared in the wind! 
Like a lion’s roar! 
Such a formidable formation was awe-inspiring. 
Their journey scared off countless mountain bandits and robbers. 
All fled back home to farm obediently. 
Everyone thought they had come to exterminate them. 
“Welcome, Count Felemon, Count Stantmont!” 
At the town gate, the new mayor, formerly the tavern owner, bowed respectfully. 
Stantmont paid him little mind, looking around and asking, “Where is Alicenia?” 
“The Sword Saintess had some business. What brings you two with such a grand entourage?” asked the Wandering Hero arrogantly as he stepped out. 
Although faced with imperial nobles, he felt his status as a hero who fought alongside the Sword Saintess and slew an ancient dragon wasn’t inferior. 
Felemon glanced at him, not recognizing him, and ignored him. 
This made the Wandering Hero awkward, “I’m a dragon slayer! A hero who fought alongside the Sword Saintess! How dare you look down on me?” 
“I see, my apologies. Then come with us to subdue those goblins,” said Stantmont, removing his helmet and extending his hand. 
The Wandering Hero quickly understood their purpose but was hesitant about fighting goblins. 
After all, they had wiped out three hundred adventurers! 
There would be casualties. 
But looking at the dense, imposing soldiers outside the town, he began to reconsider. 
Raising his eyebrows, he shook hands, “No problem, it’s my duty!” 
Though he said this, inside, he was elated. 
With so many well-equipped soldiers, it would be easy to mix in and appear to be contributing. 
This would secure his status as an Epic adventurer! 
… 
Discord (announcements and updates!)? <a href="https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC">https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC</a> 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 51: One Palm Scatters Your Youthful Vigor! 
TL: Sungmin  
“Mr. Hero, can you tell us what happened during this period?” 
Stantmont calmly inquired. 
The Wandering Hero recounted everything he knew, focusing mainly on his dragon-slaying exploits. 
Of course, he added some embellishments. 
Felomon didn’t care about that, dismissively saying, “Hmph, no matter how powerful a goblin is, it will fall before the imperial lion. Count Stantmont, when shall we act?” 
“Everyone’s tired from the journey. We’ll clean them up tomorrow,” Stantmont thought for a moment and said. 
However, from the direction of the enchanted forest, a vast goblin army was silently approaching. 
Lin Tian rode a wyvern, watching the movements of the Beast King tribe’s army. 
If they wanted to check the cave, they would have to draw the soldiers from Bright Town. 
Fortunately, everything was developing as expected. 
As the army approached the cave, the Beast King Goblin couldn’t help but glance at it, since it had been their home before. 
At this moment, the Beast Goblin quickly said, “Boss, there’s nothing in there anymore. Let’s go. The human army’s territory is just ahead.” 
“Don’t interrupt! Everyone, stay alert! The news of this operation has already reached the Great Tomb! We can only win, no losses allowed! There’s no retreat!” The Beast King Goblin roared! 
The sound echoed through the sky! 
Even the people in the cave heard it, the echoes lingering. 
They were so scared their hearts tightened! 
Just hearing the voice, one could feel the terror of the speaker. 
Then, led by the Beast Goblin, the Beast King Goblin’s army moved towards Bright Town. 
The sky gradually darkened. 
In the dead of night. 
The Wandering Hero suddenly woke up from his bed, having dreamed he was killed by goblins, and it was a gruesome death! 
Later, he became an Epic-level adventurer, but it was a joke. 
He felt himself, lit an oil lamp, and was relieved, saying, “Phew! Just a dream.” 
But suddenly, he noticed a strange shadow by the window, small and not quite human. 
When he opened the door, the shadow quickly fled. 
“What’s that…?” 
The Wandering Hero wondered, but when he saw goblins scurrying around the town square, he was dumbfounded! 
Was this a dream? 
No, it wasn’t! 
He immediately shouted, “Enemy attack!!! Goblin invasion!!!” 
Instantly, the dim town lit up, and soldiers and newly arrived adventurers rushed out. 
Counts Felomon and Stantmont also quickly ordered, “All soldiers, assemble!” 
While speaking, they sliced through a small goblin with a sword. 
In less than three minutes, all the resting soldiers had donned armor and gathered with weapons. 
Bright Town was nearly empty, with enough rooms for several soldiers each. 
Although sentries were arranged, they almost caused a catastrophe. 
Felomon stared at the distant forest, seeing numerous pairs of scarlet eyes, densely packed and terrifying! 
Stantmont looked at the watchtower and understood, “They managed to silently eliminate the sentries. Thanks to Mr. Hero, or we might’ve suffered heavy losses.” 
“Hmph, useless.” The Wandering Hero said arrogantly. 
In the distance, the Beast King Goblin’s eyes flashed coldly, “So many soldiers. Good thing we didn’t launch a direct attack. In such a dense environment, we’re no match.” 
Small goblins in narrow spaces were easy to cut down in droves. 
They had some fighting power in open areas. 
The Wandering Hero felt an ominous premonition and stepped back a few steps, sensing something amiss. 
Felomon saw the cavalry had remounted and signaled with his sword, “Charge! Crush them, imperial lions!” 
The sound of iron hooves pounding the ground roared continuously! 
Eight hundred spearmen, holding shields high, charged into the darkness! 
Everyone’s hearts were tense! 
Inside, the clash of weapons, goblin screams, human agony, and horse whinnies could be heard! 
At this moment, strange winds blew away the dark clouds. 
The moonlight shone down. 
It was Lin Tian riding his wyvern, watching everything below. 
He saw the warhorses scatter the goblins gathered together! 
A bloody, beautiful slaughter! 
Then, the infantry began to advance! 
The scattered goblins were easily dealt with like chopping vegetables. 
Felomon snorted, “I told you, goblins are nothing but low-level trash. Why consider them a threat?” 
At this rate, the battle would be over in less than an hour. 
But suddenly, the situation changed. 
“Bang!!” 
A batch of warhorses was thrown over by something unknown! 
They heavily crashed beside Felomon and the others. 
One could see the carnivorous horses along with their riders crushed together, dead in a twisted and horrific manner. 
It was the Beast King Goblin! 
He had made his move, like an enraged gorilla, grabbing a rider and smashing them together with their carnivorous horse! 
Other hero variants also began to resist. 
The cavalry was forced to keep their distance. 
Moreover, that mutant variant had even taken control of a dozen soldiers. 
“What is that thing? Goblins are too disgusting.” 
Lin Tian cursed as he watched this scene. 
The mutant goblin, about 1.6 meters tall, appeared to be decaying and mushy all over. 
From its sensitive body parts, long tentacles extended, piercing the soldiers’ heads. 
These soldiers were controlled like puppets. 
Seeing the situation quickly reverse, Stantmont immediately ordered, “Retreat!” 
All the soldiers began to fall back, their previous high spirits greatly diminished. 
The Beast King Goblin’s oppressive presence was too overwhelming! 
Under the moonlight, his huge figure, blood-red eyes, and the scene of him devouring a carnivorous horse in a few bites were too shocking! 
He seemed like a wild beast that no one could control! 
A Beast King! 
Felomon, with a vigilant tone, said, “It seems indeed difficult to deal with. What is that thing? Is it an overlord variant?” 
“Not sure. Leave it to the family experts,” Stantmont said gravely. 
From behind, a dozen people stepped forward, all dressed in high-quality armor. 
They were true nobles, like Cecil and Loder, and quite powerful. 
“Father, we’ll distract that thing. Leave the rest to the soldiers.” A girl with a golden ponytail solemnly said. 
She was Loder’s cousin, Lorna. 
She wasn’t an adventurer, but she hadn’t neglected her training. 
She was far more powerful than Loder. 
Stantmont nodded, “Be careful. For the honor of the Stantmont family, don’t be a disgrace like your brother!” 
“Yes, sir!” Lorna replied and swiftly led the dozen people into action. 
They skillfully avoided the small goblins’ harassment and the hero variants’ attacks, reaching the Beast King Goblin. 
One of them used magic, launching an explosion at his head! 
However, the effect was minimal. 
But it effectively enraged him, causing him to roar and chase after the dozen people! 
Lin Tian thought to himself, this isn’t good. If they keep running, they’ll run into his group. 
Fortunately, they didn’t get far before the Beast King Goblin stopped. He wasn’t too stupid and realized they were trying to lure him away. 
Lin Tian curiously checked their attributes. 
[Beast King Goblin: Lv79<br/>
Race: Goblin<br/>
Profession: None<br/>
Title: Beast King, Tomb Apostle, Extreme Sin, God’s Blessing…<br/>
Health: 2000<br/>
Strength: 630<br/>
Defense: 570<br/>
Skills: Beast King’s Roar, Brutal Strike, Armor Skin…<br/>
Equipment: None<br/>
Overall: 2800] 
He didn’t expect this guy’s power to be so monstrous. 
Lin Tian was slightly surprised. Even he couldn’t beat him in a one-on-one fight. 
No wonder he was a monster from the enchanted forest, far more brutal than imagined. 
“Tsk tsk tsk, what a pity. That golden ponytail girl is doomed.” Lin Tian sighed regretfully. 
Her overall strength was only 1700, and the others were around 1000. They stood no chance. 
Combat strength wasn’t additive; two at 2000 couldn’t match one at 4000. 
The difference was too vast. 
The young magician wanted to launch another explosion spell at the Beast King Goblin, laughing arrogantly as he approached. 
Lorna hurriedly stopped him, “Don’t go. We need to work together to restrain him!” 
“It’s fine, sis. I’m attacking from a distance; he can’t hit me!” 
The young man relished the thrill, finding it exciting and fun. 
From about ten meters away, he began to chant a spell, the red crystal ball in his hand gradually charging. 
This magic attack had a long range, but it took about a second to cast, not an instant strike. 
The Beast King Goblin locked his cold, creepy eyes on him! 
In the next moment, the young magician, who had been laughing, suddenly felt something was wrong! 
Goosebumps rose all over his body, and his legs seemed weak, about to collapse. 
In a blink! 
The Beast King Goblin dashed in front of him! 
A large, dark hand reached for him! Closer and closer! 
He could see the palm lines and rough calluses. 
“Smack!” 
A gruesome sound rang out. 
The young magician, barely a teenager, was smashed to pieces! His body flew back to Lorna and the others. 
A hand here, a head there. 
Parts were scattered everywhere. 
The Beast King Goblin licked the blood on his hand, “Such a tender taste, hehehe…” 
His large mouth grinned, revealing sharp teeth. 
“Brother! Brother!!! I will avenge you!” 
A young man angrily shouted, drawing his longsword to attack. 
They were all from the same family, all relatives. Watching his brother get killed made him furious. 
Moreover, the young magician was a promising talent, a new star of the family. 
He had been recognized by a grand mage, expected to inherit his white magic hat. 
Now, he couldn’t even be pieced together. 
TL: In China/Chinese, people call friends “brother” as in “bro”. However, it’s also fine to call cousins “brother” and “sister”. I don’t know why Lorna is his daughter though. Just ignore it. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 52: Hero, It’s Your Turn, Don’t Run Away! 
TL: Sungmin  
Lorna was also shocked and quickly restrained the young man, “Wait! Don’t be impulsive! We need to restrain him together!” 
Several people hurriedly held the young man back. 
Otherwise, he might have ended up like the boy earlier. 
“Everyone, spread out and surround him!” Lorna commanded.  
It was clear she was also very nervous, possibly because this was her first real battle. 
After all, everyone’s first time would be like this. 
The group did as told, clearly shaken by the earlier scene. 
A vibrant life turned into a heap before their eyes. 
The Beast King Goblin, full of disdain, prepared to kill the young man. 
But as he moved, attacks flew at him from all sides! 
Arrows, magic, and even close-combat strikes left him no room to react. 
Once they spread out, the Beast King Goblin didn’t know who to attack first. 
If he attacked one, the others would focus their attacks on him. 
He was bound to get hurt. 
Seeing the current situation, Lorna smiled with relief but quickly became vigilant again, silently cheering herself on, “Come on, Lorna, stay focused. You’re a role model at the academy. Now you need to set an example and lead everyone to win this first real battle!” 
These nobles attended elite schools, taught by powerful adventurers, retired warriors, and other instructors. 
Although they had practical training under their teachers’ supervision, it didn’t really count. 
Now, this was a real battle. 
But just in those few seconds of Lorna being distracted! 
The young man still couldn’t escape being slaughtered. 
The Beast King Goblin punched the ground, transmitting force and killing the young man on the spot! 
His body twisted, as if crumpled into a ball. 
Because all his bones were shattered, he lost all support. 
“Cousin!” 
Lorna’s heart shook with guilt, “Everyone, dodge and keep attacking him! We can definitely wear him down!” 
Everyone followed her orders and started attacking. 
The effect was very noticeable. Under constant attack, the Beast King Goblin’s crocodile skin armor protected his back, but other areas began showing significant injuries. 
“Great! Keep it up!” 
“This mere goblin, your teeth will be our first trophy!” 
“Don’t let up, continue attacking! Buy Lorna time to land a fatal blow!” 
Everyone felt hopeful and went all out. 
Lorna, holding a white jade long spear, circled the Beast King Goblin, looking for an opportunity to strike with the holy spear. 
Her slender figure was hard to catch at high speed. 
Her long ponytail streamed behind her, and her serious expression was very captivating. 
“Got it!” 
As the Beast King Goblin attacked others nearby, Lorna locked onto his side, aiming for his kidney. 
She raised the spear and infused it with power, “High-tier Martial Skill · Holy Spear of Exorcism!” 
The golden spearhead glowed with holy light! She fiercely stabbed into the Beast King’s kidney! 
Immediately, he howled in pain! 
Holy power infused, and from the wound, cracks spread like a spiderweb! 
The Beast King Goblin, furious, veins bulging with rage! 
He glared at Lorna! 
“Damn woman, you were making noise the whole time, annoying me, and now you dare sneak attack me!” The Beast King Goblin gritted his teeth and said. 
Seeing the situation was bad, Lorna prepared to flee. 
But the spearhead was stuck in the Beast King Goblin’s rib, and she couldn’t pull it out. 
Others realized the danger, “Oh no, quick, save Sister Lorna!” 
As everyone rushed to attack him, the Beast King Goblin showed a sinister smile, exactly what he wanted! 
Otherwise, he could have killed Lorna first. 
Then he opened his bloody mouth and took a deep breath! 
“Roar!!!” 
He used his innate skill, Beast King’s Roar! 
It unleashed a powerful sonic attack on those nearby, causing severe dizziness! 
The terrifying roar echoed through the world! The space seemed to ripple and twist! 
Those close to him, within seconds, rolled their eyes and stood dazed. 
Blood flowed from their ears, eyes, and nostrils. 
Their brains lost all consciousness. 
Some who hadn’t fully relieved themselves today, did so now. 
Including Lorna, who stood frozen, her eyes rolling back, even foaming at the mouth. 
The Beast King Goblin, enduring the pain, pulled the spear from his kidney. 
Then, with a sweeping strike, he impaled five unconscious people, nailing them to the ground. 
The rest were swatted like mosquitoes, one ‘smack’ at a time. 
The sound of flesh and bone shattering was hair-raising. 
At this point, Lorna regained some consciousness but stumbled and fell, turning her head to see familiar faces. 
They were skewered by her spear, piled like a human pyramid. 
Their heads tilted in one direction, eyes rolled back, bleeding from their features, seemingly looking at Lorna, silently voicing their suffering. 
Lorna screamed in fear. Looking around, she found no trace of anyone else! 
She had no idea what had just happened. 
However, the pools of blood and flesh on the ground gave her a pretty good idea. 
“Why, why is this happening? This is nothing like what they taught at the academy. How could there be such a powerful goblin? Why can’t I even handle it?” 
Lorna trembled in terror, her head aching. 
At the academy, she had always been a top student, excelling in both combat skills and theoretical knowledge. 
But now, it seemed luck no longer favored her. 
She couldn’t accept such a failure. 
At this moment, the Beast King Goblin growled, “It’s your turn, annoying fly!” 
He reached out, ready to grab Lorna. 
At this critical moment, Lorna seemed to awaken, “I can’t lose! I must avenge everyone!” 
She quickly regained full consciousness, ready to rise and continue fighting. 
But the next second! 
“Crack!” 
The sound of bones shattering filled the air! 
Lorna felt a piercing pain shoot from her feet straight to her brain, “Aaaah!!” 
Looking down, she saw her feet had been crushed by the Beast King Goblin! 
Next were her hands! 
The sound of bones breaking was excruciatingly loud, causing intense pain to anyone who heard it. 
Lorna screamed with all her might, nearly losing consciousness, drooling uncontrollably, “Father! Teacher, save me!” 
On the other side of the hill. 
Stantmont’s heart tightened at hearing her pained cries for help, “Lorna!” 
He was about to rush over. 
Felomon sternly shouted, “Count! We are the commanders, we cannot fall!” 
In a battle, if the enemy leader died, it meant certain defeat! 
With morale greatly reduced, soldiers would think of nothing but escaping, losing all combat ability. 
“My daughter! Are they, are they all dead?” 
Stantmont trembled with grief and anger, his teeth nearly breaking from clenching so hard! 
Felomon was not much better off. Many of the people over there were his children or family members. 
At this moment, the silhouette of the Beast King Goblin appeared again on the hill. 
He was holding a delicate figure, but was defiling it. 
As if playing with a toy! 
Through the moonlit shadow, one could see the long ponytail swaying with the Beast King Goblin’s movements. 
It was clearly Lorna’s body. 
“Hahaha!” 
The Beast King Goblin’s unrestrained laughter echoed, then he began eating Lorna’s body bite by bite like a cucumber. 
“Damn beast!!!” 
This scene, engraved deeply in Stantmont’s eyes, made him unable to hold back any longer! 
Even though he hadn’t been an imperial warrior for many years, the battle spirit in his heart was reignited by rage! 
He raised his sword and charged through the chaotic battle! 
Felomon shouted, “Count! Come back! We are about to win!” 
But it was futile. 
If he hadn’t seen that scene, Stantmont could have held back. After all, he had led troops in battle before. 
As a leader, he understood the importance of the bigger picture. 
But those scenes, anyone would find it unbearable to see their daughter treated like that. 
“Hmph.” 
The Beast King Goblin sneered coldly, also charging towards Count Stantmont! 
His speed increased, and in ten seconds, he reached Stantmont, swinging his massive fists down! 
Count Stantmont raised his sword to block, but his strength was insufficient. 
Years without fighting had severely diminished his overall strength. 
Now, he barely had a combat strength of 1500. 
In his prime on the imperial battlefield, he had a combat strength of 3000 and could have easily won. 
But now, he was sent flying with one punch! 
He landed amidst the chaotic battle. 
“Count! What’s wrong?” 
A shield bearer, shocked, rushed to protect him from other goblins. 
But while he could fend off ordinary goblins, he couldn’t withstand the overwhelming strength of the Beast King Goblin. 
The Beast King Goblin leaped over, flinging the shield bearer aside, and grabbed Stantmont, ready to crush him. 
However, he overlooked the fact that there were no more goblins around, mostly imperial soldiers. 
Several spears immediately pierced his body! 
The Beast King Goblin howled in pain, throwing Stantmont aside and swinging his fists to repel the fully armored soldiers. 
But as more soldiers surrounded him, he began to lose ground. 
Fully armored soldiers were different from the earlier young ones, not easily killed in one blow, and they fought fiercely. 
Shield bearers blocked the front, while cavalry stabbed him repeatedly. 
One shield bearer could be flung away, but several together, their shields locked, couldn’t be broken through no matter how strong he was. 
The shields had clasps, perfect for encircling. 
However, the spears could only inflict superficial wounds, making it difficult to kill him. 
“Hero! Quick! Deliver a fatal blow!” 
On the ground, Stantmont gritted his teeth, looking back at the Wandering Hero. 
TL: Shit, poor Lorna. She didn’t even do anything… 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 53: Overlord Level! Brutal Goblin! 
TL: Sungmin  
The Wandering Hero almost lost his soul when he was called out like that. 
Looking at the ferocious and terrifying Beast King Goblin, just the sight of it made his hands tremble! 
Coupled with the dream he had just had, he didn’t dare to step forward. 
This was not the time for romantic hero fantasies, but a real-life slaughter scene! 
Those geniuses, nobles, and battle-hardened soldiers could all die in the next second. 
There were no miracles, no hope. 
The Wandering Hero stood frozen, not knowing what to do. 
At this moment, the connected silver shield wall was almost about to collapse. 
The Beast King Goblin grabbed a knight and used him as a weapon, constantly blocking the attacks of the lancers. 
Afraid of stabbing their own men, they couldn’t attack. 
This gave him a chance to catch his breath. 
Seeing this, Stantmont struggled to his feet with all his might, his leg visibly broken, but he still hobbled forward. 
Felomon was about to say something, but Stantmont raised his hand to interrupt, “Count, you can’t die, but I can! Let me do it!” 
Seeing such a passionate scene from an elderly man, the Wandering Hero’s conscience finally awoke! 
“Swish!” 
A dashing figure brushed past Stantmont. 
His flowing, slightly curly black hair and scruffy beard looked particularly handsome and dashing at this moment. 
The Wandering Hero held two magic balls in his hand, leaping over soldiers onto the shield wall, “High-level Magic · Converging Energy Sphere! Fusion!” 
The two light balls began to merge into one giant light ball! 
Immediately after, the Wandering Hero jumped into the center of the shield wall, preparing to unleash the light ball! 
The Beast King Goblin sensed danger and activated the skill Brutal Strike! A fierce black wind swirled around his fist. 
However, the Wandering Hero did not fear, facing the attack head-on! 
“Boom!” 
In the pitch-black night, a dazzling white light burst forth! 
Stantmont and the others in the distance couldn’t even open their eyes from the brightness. 
The sturdy shield wall was also disintegrated by the explosion of the light ball. 
Other goblins still fighting soldiers on the mountain lost their will to fight upon seeing this commotion and began to think of fleeing. 
It was clear that the Beast King Goblin was likely dead! 
“Huff, huff, did I, win?” 
As the light faded, the Wandering Hero gasped. 
Before him was a blood-soaked corpse, the ground sunken in where it lay! 
Finally, the Wandering Hero smiled, confirming, “I won!” 
He had won! He led the empire’s soldiers to defeat the leader goblin and saved two counts! 
The title of Epic Adventurer was secured! 
Stantmont also breathed a slight sigh of relief, but then ordered, “Pursue the remaining goblins, leave none alive!” 
Just as the Wandering Hero was about to kill the other goblins. 
Suddenly! 
A bloody maw lunged at him, his legs still rooted to the spot. 
Above the waist, his body was already gone. 
It turned out the Beast King Goblin wasn’t dead, its bloody body barely holding on, gnawing and swallowing the Wandering Hero. 
The sound of crunching bones was clearly audible. 
Stantmont was stunned, but quickly charged again with his sword, “Damn beast!” 
He aimed to kill it while it was still weak and heavily wounded. 
However, at this moment, the Beast King Goblin’s body began to mutate! 
It had devoured the Wandering Hero, and having consumed many others before, it was now evolving! 
“Count Stantmont! Run!!!” Behind him, Felomon shouted. 
Because it was already too late. 
The Beast King Goblin’s hands began to grow claws, tearing at its own head! 
It ripped off a layer of skin! 
Following that, in a new form, like a newborn covered in amniotic fluid, it had many sticky fluids on it. 
Its size remained about the same, but the crocodile-like back scales, previously only on its back, now covered its entire body. 
It looked almost nothing like a goblin anymore, with four long and sharp fangs resembling a cutting machine, capable of easily tearing through flesh. 
Thick black mane grew around its neck and sparsely on its body. 
Its eyes, in the dark night, were pure white and glowed. 
They seemed to pierce through everyone’s soul. 
Its stance resembled a hungry tiger ready to hunt, with sharp claws on its hands and feet, and a tail. 
Its chest and arm muscles were robust, like a raging gorilla. 
Lin Tian looked at the creature in astonishment. 
He muttered, “Is this overlord level? Level 80, Brutal Goblin! His overall strength broke through the 3000 mark! It actually reached 3100!” 
Since it had just evolved, its overall combat power rating wouldn’t increase much. 
But its attributes had grown significantly. 
Breaking through 3000 made it a terrifying existence. 
Brutal faced Stantmont’s attacking sword and simply pinched it with its claw! It caught the longsword aimed at it. 
With a slight force, “Crack!” 
The fine longsword snapped in half. 
Stantmont was dumbfounded, “You…” 
Before he could finish, the broken sword blade pierced his heart, and Brutal tossed him into its mouth. 
“Damn it, if this guy eats everything, what am I going to eat?” Lin Tian cursed as he watched from a distance. 
At this point, it was clear that the humans were going to lose. It seemed he needed to intervene and suppress this brutal creature. 
He needed both sides to be severely wounded so he could gather the experience points and evolve into a hero variant! 
At this moment, Felomon shouted loudly, “All soldiers! Attack that creature!” 
From afar, the soldiers who had been suppressing the goblin army turned around and saw the most terrifying thing they had ever encountered! 
They had never seen a creature that exuded such a chilling aura! 
It was even more terrifying than the berserk soldiers on the battlefield! 
Crucially, they saw Stantmont’s broken sword on the ground, indicating that he was dead. 
Brutal, furious to the extreme, charged at the group of soldiers! 
Their hands trembled as they held their weapons. 
However, unexpectedly, Brutal did not attack them but instead bypassed them, killing several hero variants next to the goblins, “I said, if anyone tries to escape, they will die!” 
“Boss, boss, we won’t run anymore!” a heavy-armored hero variant goblin pleaded. 
But in the next second, the goblin was torn apart by Brutal’s claws, the heavy armor as thin as paper in its hands. 
Brutal glared at the other goblins, “All of you, attack! If anyone takes even half a step back, this will be your fate!” 
With that, the remaining goblins all launched a counterattack! 
Fighting might not kill them, but not fighting would certainly mean death at the hands of Brutal. 
Facing the goblin army, now reorganized by Brutal, the humans began to panic. The death of Stantmont was one thing, but the terrifying Brutal Goblin was their true nightmare! 
The oppressive force was insurmountable. 
Soon, the humans were driven back into Bright Town. 
The ground was covered with the corpses of soldiers, as well as many adventurers. 
Ever since Lin Tian wiped out three hundred adventurers, a few more had trickled into Bright Town. 
Little did they expect to encounter this disaster. 
Seeing the situation spiraling out of control, Felomon hurriedly shouted, “Retreat! Cavalry, take as many civilians as you can and retreat!” 
At this moment, he deeply realized his failure. 
Underestimating the goblins had led to this outcome. 
As they fled, Brutal certainly wouldn’t let them go, “Pursue! Don’t let them escape!” 
He still hadn’t retrieved the magic ring; otherwise, this trip would be in vain. 
In the sky, watching the two groups leave, Lin Tian couldn’t help but show a sinister, satisfied smile. 
Because below were countless corpses! 
Goblins, soldiers, adventurers. 
Almost a thousand in total! 
He quickly flew back and ordered, “A hundred of you, grab some sacks and follow me, be quick about it!” 
Thus, Gobu Kuang and the others, carrying sacks, began frantically collecting bodies. 
No matter big or small, tall or short, fat or thin. 
All were stuffed into the sacks. 
Most of the dead bodies were small goblins, generally around levels ten to twenty, but it was better than nothing. 
There were also several hundred human soldiers and big variant goblins. 
At levels thirty to forty, they provided relatively more experience. 
After packing all the bodies, they retreated, leaving the remaining two hundred big variants and some hero variants to stay behind and finish the cleanup. 
Lin Tian, riding a flying dragon, went ahead to see the current situation. 
Not long after flying, he saw Brutal and the others already engaged in battle with the human army again. 
But the humans were fighting while retreating. 
It seemed they would be wiped out sooner or later. 
Brutal’s strength had become too overwhelming, capable of withstanding thousands of troops, slaughtering them single-handedly. 
Felomon’s eyes were filled with anger, but no fear, “These damned beasts! Your Majesty, if only you had given me a thousand more soldiers!” 
He hadn’t expected to suffer defeat within the Lionheart Empire’s territory! 
He felt deeply ashamed of his title as Count. 
Brutal, killing one soldier after another, moved towards Felomon. 
At this moment, Lin Tian frowned, astonished, as he looked at a mountain road about ten kilometers away. 
Several different lights were approaching rapidly! 
They were moving too fast, beyond what any human or creature could achieve! 
Extremely conspicuous in the dark night! 
“Damn, could it be that guy?” Lin Tian muttered, worried it might be the Sword Saintess returning, possibly with her former comrades, as Goblin Slayer had mentioned. 
At this moment, Brutal, covered in blood but with none of it his own, had already reached Felomon. 
Glaring at him, it demanded, “Hand over the magic ring, and I’ll give you a quick death!” 
“Magic ring? I don’t have what you’re looking for. If you want to kill me, then kill me. You lowly beasts are not worthy of negotiating with me!” 
Felomon replied firmly, gripping his sword, ready for a fight to the death. 
Even knowing he couldn’t win, even having had opportunities to escape. 
But as a former knight, he couldn’t allow himself to do so. 
Hearing this, Brutal didn’t rush to kill him but instead snatched his sword and crushed it into a ball. 
Furiously, it roared, “Give me my magic ring!!!” 
Thick, foul-smelling saliva sprayed all over Felomon’s face. 
Felomon was somewhat bewildered, his face righteous, “I really don’t know about any magic ring. Are you serious?” 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 54: The Hunter Team Arrives! The Sword Saintess Was Deceived! 
TL: Sungmin  
“It’s impossible, this makes no sense, come here!” 
Brutal was also bewildered and angrily shouted at the Beast Goblin in the distance. 
Grabbing him by the neck, he harshly demanded, “What do you mean? Wasn’t the ring taken by him?” 
“It was him, the boss. No mistake about it.” The Beast Goblin answered painfully. 
However, looking at Felomon, it seemed he wasn’t lying. 
Brutal was so enraged that he ground his teeth and snapped the Beast Goblin’s neck! 
He prepared to kill everyone and search them one by one. 
Felomon’s heart pounded wildly; he knew the day had come. He slowly closed his eyes. 
“Whoosh!” 
A piercing sound suddenly exploded in the air! 
An arrow wrapped in white light shot from the treetops in the distance. 
It forced Brutal back several steps, leaving scars on his crocodile scale armor, and a few drops of blood seeped out. 
Seeing this, Brutal’s cold eyes looked towards the distance, where a white-clad figure holding a bow stood. 
Opening his mouth wide, he roared angrily, “Who!” 
But suddenly! 
He felt a chill on his head, and the feeling of death rushed at him! 
He quickly dodged to the side. 
“Boom!” 
A platinum holy sword heavily struck the ground where he had been, followed by a slim figure in platinum armor. 
The Sword Saintess, Alicenia! 
She slowly descended from the air, landing steadily with one foot on the sword’s hilt. 
The moment she appeared, those soldiers who thought they were doomed were so excited they almost cried! 
Because she represented the word ‘security’! 
As for the incident in Bright Town, it was purely an accident, everyone understood that. 
Besides, no one would deny the strength of someone who had won 999 times for one failure. 
Brutal looked at the woman with confusion and shock; his biological instincts told him, Danger! Extreme danger! 
A threat to his life. 
Before he could react, he felt something emerging from beneath his feet! 
He could sense a faint vibration. 
“Swish!” 
A long spear pierced through Brutal’s foot, and he endured the severe pain to pull away with difficulty. 
A man with a buzz cut emerged from the ground, wearing tight black armor, holding a long spear still dripping with Brutal’s blood. 
He looked about the same age as the Sword Saintess, around twenty-six or twenty-seven. 
Seeing all this, Brutal’s face became more and more twisted. 
He didn’t know where these troublesome, threatening beings had come from. 
“Do you really need to bully a Goblin like this?” 
Suddenly, a deep, magnetic voice sounded behind Brutal. 
Turning his head, he saw an elderly man in black leather armor carrying a shield and a sword, with short white hair and an eye patch. 
He looked at least sixty or seventy but still appeared robust and imposing. 
From his single eye, it was clear he didn’t take Brutal seriously at all. 
It was full of disdain. 
Brutal couldn’t hold back any longer and roared as he swung his fist fiercely at the old man! 
Seeing this, the old man took down his one-meter-wide sword, resembling a shield, to block. 
“Boom!” 
The impact of the tremendous force stirred up a strong gust! 
The old man stood still, just slightly surprised, “What do young people eat these days to have such strength?” 
Seeing his blow easily blocked, Brutal began to slowly seek an opportunity to retreat. 
He knew none of these people were easy to deal with! 
But just as he was about to escape the encirclement, an arrow grazed his head, nearly blinding him! 
At this moment, Felomon was overwhelmed with excitement, “Lord Sword Saintess! You’ve finally arrived! And the members of the Hunter Team!” 
He recognized them at once. 
They were legendary adventurers! Former teammates of the Sword Saintess! 
In the distance, the archer named ‘Emma’ wasn’t human but an elf. 
She was granted citizenship in the Lionheart Empire and a legendary badge. 
The spearman named ‘Marshall’ also had a legendary badge. 
The elderly man with the shield sword was a member of the imperial family, with the blood of the Lionheart imperial family. 
Named ‘Austin’, he had also earned his legendary badge twenty years ago. 
The others received theirs five or six years ago while teaming up with the Sword Saintess. 
“Didn’t expect the Hunter Team to come; I’m so lucky. Unfortunately, Count Stantmont wasn’t as lucky, sigh!” 
In his joy, Felomon also felt sorrow. 
The Sword Saintess said incredulously, “They were just a group of big variants back then, and now, they’ve evolved to the Overlord level?” 
“Damn, girl, don’t scare me! In less than a year, they went from Big Variant to Overlord?!” Spearman Marshall was taken aback. 
Before coming, he thought a group of mere Goblins was no big deal. 
Hearing this, he found it hard to accept. 
It was unprecedented! 
Alicenia responded irritably, “I said, call me Alice.” 
“Alright, girl, let’s get to work.” 
Marshall chuckled and activated his skill again, ‘Super-tier Combat Skill · Earth Walking Technique.’ 
He directly burrowed into the ground, ready to strike again. 
Brutal became cautious and watched the ground beneath his feet. 
But this time, Marshall emerged from behind, his spear glowing with a golden light as he charged up his attack! 
In that instant, Brutal abruptly turned and grabbed the spear, flinging Marshall away! 
Marshall rolled on the ground a few times, bitterly exclaiming, “Ah, I was careless, embarrassing myself in front of the girl!” 
Brutal launched an attack, thrusting the seized spear towards Austin! 
However, it was once again blocked by Austin’s shield-sword. 
It wasn’t over yet; Austin used a skill, “Scorching Ashes!” 
He spat a mouthful of burning ash, causing Brutal’s eyes to sting and lose sight. 
Next, a sharp pain came from his chest, leaving a deep gash! 
He quickly retreated. 
Austin picked up the spear and tossed it back, “Hold on to it, kid. If you can’t even protect your weapon, how do you expect to protect Alice?” 
Already feeling humiliated, Marshall felt even more ashamed. 
He recalled the embarrassing moments from their past team-ups. 
He had once pursued Alicenia and vowed to protect her in danger. 
In the end, he was the one who constantly needed protection. 
“Stop it, Grandpa Austin. We haven’t seen each other in a long time, give me some face.” Marshall said tearfully. 
He then became serious. 
The two of them began to coordinate their attacks, with Emma shooting arrows from a distance to interfere. 
Brutal’s previous arrogance and frenzy disappeared completely. 
Sweat constantly dripped from his forehead under the immense pressure, a single mistake could lead to injury or even death. 
“Damn, especially that old man. His sword is too heavy; my skin armor can’t withstand it!” 
Brutal thought, trying to find an opportunity to escape. 
Unfortunately, he was so suppressed that he had no chance, and there was still an extremely dangerous woman who hadn’t made a move yet. 
While he was contemplating, an arrow from a distance precisely hit his eye! 
Blood splattered! 
Suddenly blinded, he couldn’t defend against the attacks anymore. 
Taking this opportunity, Austin and Marshall both launched a full-force strike! 
The spear pierced through Brutal’s neck from the side, even emerging from the other side! 
The shield-sword left a horrifying gash on his stomach, exposing his internal organs. 
Brutal screamed in pain, taking a deep breath, “Roar!!!” 
He used Beast King’s Roar again, but this time it was enhanced! 
The effect was the same. 
Austin and Marshall, being too close, were knocked unconscious by the terrifying sound waves! 
Alicenia had been waiting for this moment, which was why she hadn’t attacked. She swung her holy sword, piercing Brutal’s chest! 
“Super-tier Sword Skill · Star and Moon Slash!” 
“Boom!” 
A scorching holy light exploded, creating a hole in Brutal’s chest! 
One could even see the scenery behind through the hole. 
Brutal writhed in pain, grabbing a Goblin and devouring it, activating a new innate skill. 
‘Brutal Nature.’ 
By consuming his kin, he could undergo a high-efficiency healing process. 
The wounds began to heal at a speed visible to the naked eye. 
Austin and Marshall quickly recovered and moved aside. 
Watching him, Marshall couldn’t help but exclaim, “This guy, pierced through the neck and chest, still won’t die?” 
“After all, he’s an Overlord-level. Now a finishing blow will kill him.” 
Alicenia slowly walked over, ready to strike. 
Seeing this, Brutal was so frightened that he crawled back, filled with fear of this woman! 
He quickly pleaded, “Wait! I’m just here for the magic ring, I don’t want to fight. I’ll go back to the Great Tomb now, okay?” 
The Great Tomb was another name for the largest enchanted forest to the west. 
It mainly housed a real ‘tomb’ where creatures feared across the continent lived. 
Hearing this, Alicenia couldn’t help but ask, “Did you say, the Great Tomb?” 
“Yes, yes, I’m just here to retrieve my magic ring, I have no intention of fighting with you all. Blame him for taking my stuff!” 
Brutal now behaved like a compliant child, trying to reason. 
Seeing him point at Felomon, Marshall asked, “Count, what magic ring of his?” 
“I really don’t know. I swear on my knight’s honor, I’ve never touched that thing.” 
Felomon felt wronged, wondering when he had ever stolen something from a Goblin. 
Being labeled as the bad guy. 
Hearing this, Brutal was genuinely baffled. The Beast Goblin had said it himself. 
Unfortunately, he had just killed him and couldn’t ask now. 
But Alicenia sensed something was amiss, “It’s him, it must be him! That extremely troublesome guy!” 
“Who? The Goblin you mentioned earlier? Not this one in front of us?” Austin quickly asked. 
Alicenia thought for a moment and shook her head, “No, this guy says he’s from the Great Tomb, looking for the magic ring, but he is a Goblin living around here.” 
The abduction of over a hundred people from Bright Town indicated. 
It had to be the Goblins living around here who did it. 
It’s impossible to believe that someone came from hundreds or thousands of kilometers away from the Great Tomb just to capture a hundred people. 
“So, this guy was lured here from the Great Tomb by that one’s scheme, hoping we’d weaken each other?” 
At this moment. 
Everyone felt a chill run down their spine! 
Could a Goblin really pull off such a scheme? 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 55: Interception of Brutal! 
TL: Sungmin  
Everyone gasped in shock. 
This was even more terrifying than the most cunning enemy they had ever encountered! 
Because he disguised himself as weak and foolish, making everyone believe him completely. 
Brutal seemed to realize something and said, “Yes, yes, that must be it. We have no grievances, so we’ll just leave now!” 
As he said this, he tried to get up and escape. 
But Austin stomped him back to the ground with a heavy foot. “Alice, how do we deal with him?” 
“We should ask Count Felomon,” Alicenia said calmly. 
Her eyes were full of caution towards Lin Tian, thinking of ways to eliminate him. 
She had no time to bother with Brutal. 
Felomon looked at Brutal on the ground and said coldly, “Do we even need to ask? A goblin must be killed! Besides, Count Stantmont died at his hands, as did that brave Wandering Hero.” 
As he thought about it, he trembled with anger! 
The key issue was that he couldn’t find Loder for Stantmont, meaning the entire Stantmont family had been gloriously sacrificed. 
“That guy is dead too?” 
Alicenia was slightly stunned; she still remembered the Wandering Hero. 
He was very weak but longed to become a legendary hero. 
But she quickly forgot about it—there were too many such people in this world. 
Felomon sighed, “That guy was a hero. I could see that he was very cautious and careful, but he still chose to step forward at the critical moment.” 
“Enough, I’ll handle this.” 
Austin raised his shield sword, ready to decapitate Brutal from the neck. 
In the sky, Lin Tian signaled for everyone else to retreat back to the waterfall cave. 
He alone kept an eye on the situation. 
He didn’t expect the group to arrive at this moment, disrupting his plans. 
He cursed, “Damn it, all these corpses could have created an entire hero variant army.” 
Then he charged up with wind element energy! 
Fifty units of energy shot out in one strike, aimed at Alicenia and her group. 
“Whoosh!” 
The moment the sound of breaking through the air rang out, Alicenia looked up and locked onto Lin Tian in the sky. 
Her eyes were like a sniper rifle in the dark! 
The person being locked on instantly felt a strong sense of suffocation! 
Lin Tian immediately started to flee! 
But he didn’t head towards the waterfall cave, as that could expose their base. 
Instead, he went towards Dragon Island, where the sea would make it harder for them to chase him. 
Just as the wind element attack landed, it stirred up a massive tornado! 
“Swish, swish, swish!” 
Sand and leaves flew everywhere! 
In the sudden chaos, many people couldn’t stand steady and were swept into the sky! 
Austin and his group could only barely stand their ground. A slight slip, and they would be sent flying. 
Taking advantage of this, Brutal endured the side effect of his throat bleeding and used his roar skill again! 
This stunned Austin and the others in place. 
He then started running madly! 
His muscles tightened, veins bulging!! 
Due to his size, the hurricane didn’t affect him much. 
In the distance, Emma couldn’t attack because of the hurricane, and Alicenia, the only one able to fight, chose not to. 
She kept her eyes on Lin Tian flying away in the sky. 
“I won’t let you escape!” 
Alicenia’s beautiful face was filled with determination. 
She lightly jumped and was blown into the sky by the hurricane, using its force to rise. 
She finally saw Lin Tian clearly. 
Slightly shocked, she thought, “How is this possible? It’s actually a small goblin?” 
But seeing he could ride a dragon, he was definitely not an ordinary small goblin. 
She quickly activated her skill, “Iron Gale!!” 
Sword Qi surged, forming substantial attacks that slashed towards Lin Tian dozens of meters away! 
The hurricane didn’t affect it at all. 
“Damn!” 
Lin Tian hurriedly controlled the dragon Xiao Huan to dodge. The impact from the Sword Qi almost knocked Xiao Huan down. 
The Sword Qi, like two giant blades, fell towards the forest below. 
“Boom, boom, boom!” 
It caused an earth-shattering explosion! 
If hit, it would be hard to survive. 
Just as Lin Tian was relieved to have escaped, he noticed a white figure chasing him relentlessly below! 
It was Alicenia, who said coldly, “No matter where you run, I won’t let you go! I will personally kill you!” 
She finally stopped chasing when they reached the sea. 
But her voice wasn’t a threat; it was a vow! 
Lin Tian gulped, “This crazy woman is insanely strong. Just wait, I’ll deal with you later!” 
However, he knew he was in trouble. 
A Sword Saintess was already hard to deal with, and now there were several more powerful opponents. 
Austin, Marshall, and Emma all had a combat power of around 2,500. 
About the same as Lin Tian’s current level. 
After flying for a while, they circled back, intending to intercept the fleeing Brutal Goblin on the road. 
Over at Felomon’s side, after the hurricane dissipated, the remaining goblins were all killed. Out of 1,800 elite soldiers, only 800 were left, more than half were lost. 
Half of those losses were caused by Brutal alone. 
Alicenia returned and said, “Unfortunately, that guy can ride a dragon. I couldn’t catch up to him. But there’s something you all need to know.” 
“A goblin that can ride a dragon! What is it?” Marshall asked in disbelief. 
Even among humans, it was rare to be able to ride a dragon. 
After all, dragons were dominant predators of the sky, ferocious and powerful. 
Alicenia explained, “That goblin looks no different from a small goblin. Do not be deceived by appearances.” 
“What? A small goblin! Is it a mutant variant? No, that can’t be right.” 
Marshall and the others were stunned. 
Austin, who had been around for a long time, had never heard of such a thing. “So, that guy is highly intelligent, huh? No wonder even you got tricked.” 
“Indeed, we were fooled the moment we arrived,” Marshall admitted, feeling embarrassed as he had previously mocked Alicenia. 
Then, the group prepared to return to Bright Town for a rest. 
When Felomon saw the vanished corpses, he realized, “That guy wanted to see us both severely injured so he could take the bodies!” 
Everyone knew the basic capabilities of goblins. 
The more they thought about it, the more fearful they felt. 
Neither group was foolish; one was led by a former Imperial Knight Commander, now a Count. 
The other was Brutal, a monster from the Great Tomb. 
Yet, they were played like pawns. 
Felomon suddenly remembered, “Right, that overlord goblin mentioned a magic ring, which is likely in that guy’s possession. Be cautious next time!” 
“Next time we meet, I’ll personally kill him,” Alicenia interrupted. 
The group began to rest and recover. The army was heavily damaged, even Austin and Marshall had internal injuries from Brutal’s roars. 
They wouldn’t be able to hunt Lin Tian for a while. 
On the road to the Great Tomb Forest, 
Brutal couldn’t care about his injuries and ran mindlessly. 
Passing by the waterfall cave, he stopped, “Doesn’t matter, I’ll hide there first. It’ll be bad if those guys catch up.” 
The goblin sentries from the Tian Kuang Tribe guarding the waterfall cave felt a shiver of fear and looked ahead warily. 
That terrifying aura! 
A primal fear! 
They immediately ran back, disregarding everything else. 
Outside the cave, Brutal’s eyes flashed with surprise as he sniffed, “Other goblins inside? Wait! That damned guy tricked me!” 
He realized at that moment. 
He had been deceived by a Beast Goblin, and the magic ring was surely inside the cave! 
However, he hadn’t anticipated that his large size would prevent him from entering. 
“Damn it! Come out, you guys inside!” Brutal roared furiously. 
But no one responded. 
Lin Tian had previously instructed them not to expose themselves or go outside. 
So they wouldn’t respond. 
At this moment, Brutal sensed someone approaching from behind. He jumped out of the waterfall and saw Lin Tian riding a dragon. 
“It’s you! Hand over the magic ring!” Brutal snarled menacingly, advancing step by step. 
In the next second, a blast of dragon flame shot towards him! 
The scorching flames blinded him, but didn’t cause any real damage. 
Taking this opportunity, Lin Tian launched a poison element attack with fifty units of energy at him. 
“Roar!” 
Brutal leaped and flipped the dragon to the ground. 
He saw Lin Tian’s true appearance. 
Full of disbelief, he exclaimed, “A low-level creature? No, what are you? Hand over the magic ring!” 
“Are you talking about this?” 
Lin Tian got up, dusted himself off, and held out his hand, revealing the ring that emitted a green glow. 
Immediately, Brutal seemed invigorated, “Give it to me!” 
He charged wildly! 
Like an enraged gorilla, each punch shattered the ground! 
Just as he raised his fists to smash Lin Tian, Lin Tian suddenly vanished! 
“Thanks to this body, I’m faster than you.” 
Lin Tian had already circled behind Brutal, holding a fine dagger. 
Brutal turned quickly but saw nothing! 
Just grass, a nearby river, and pebbles. 
He spun again, but still saw nothing. 
Turning back and forth, his face filled with fear, “W-where are you?” 
“I’ve been here all along…” 
Lin Tian’s eerie, evil laugh sounded in his ears. 
“Swish!” 
A cold light flashed as Lin Tian cut off Brutal’s ears! 
He immediately stuffed them into his mouth! 
“Ding! Acquired super-tier skill: Brutal Roar!” 
Brutal, in extreme pain and anger, reached out to grab Lin Tian, but couldn’t touch him. 
Despite his long arms, his body was also long. 
At this moment, Lin Tian crawled to his other ear and used the newly acquired skill. 
Taking a deep breath! 
“Roar!” 
He let out a roar akin to a tiger’s growl or a dragon’s roar! 
Almost instantly, blood spurted from Brutal’s ears! 
Followed by his mouth, nose, and eyes! 
His eyes rolled back, and he seemed to lose consciousness, standing dazed. 
He experienced the effect of his own innate skill. 
Even Lin Tian was amazed, “I took a chance, and it actually worked.” 
This was why he cut off his ears and ate them immediately. 
… 
Hi everyone, I recently underwent tonsil surgery. Unfortunately I couldn’t translate for close to a week because of the aftereffects of anesthesia, which meant that Premium chapters were delayed. But I’m basically back to normal now. I’m so sorry for the delaysss. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 56: Exchange for a New Skill! Life’s Miracle! 
TL: Sungmin  
Taking advantage of the time while he was unconscious, Lin Tian immediately blinded his eyes. 
It was only for a moment, and Brutal woke up. 
But he found his eyes were blind, unable to see anything. 
He roared in heart-wrenching pain, “Damn it! What did you do!” 
While shouting, he swung his fists wildly in an attempt to attack. 
Lin Tian was forced to the side, preparing to use the Elemental Hand Crossbow to drain him until the paralyzing toxin took effect. 
But he underestimated the strength of an overlord variant. 
Brutal sniffed the air forcefully, a cold smile curling at the corners of his mouth, “Found you!” 
He charged forward like a starving tiger pouncing on its prey! 
Lin Tian hadn’t even reacted before he was sent flying by a punch! 
However, it didn’t cause too much damage. 
Brutal, now without sight, could only strike randomly, unable to make precise lethal attacks. 
But his continuous attacks were still a headache. 
Lin Tian hadn’t even gotten up yet when a fist larger than his entire body came crashing down. 
He struggled to block with both hands. 
In terms of strength, he was no match for this guy, but fortunately, Brutal was injured, and his strength had significantly weakened after fighting with Alicenia and the others for so long. 
Overall, he only had a strength of 2700, slightly higher than Lin Tian. 
Brutal found it hard to believe, “You can withstand my attack?! Impossible!” 
In his astonishment, he felt Lin Tian’s strength growing even stronger! 
He was even surpassing him! 
With a stumble, Brutal fell to the ground. Lin Tian frowned, “Why aren’t you down yet? If I didn’t need you alive, I would have stabbed your heart already.” 
There was no food here to replenish his health. 
A hit to a vital point would be fatal. 
“Impossible, I can’t lose to a, a…” 
Brutal muttered on the ground, realizing his body was starting to become immobile. 
Suddenly, he remembered the initial sharp pain! 
He thought it was from the dragon flame, but it was definitely something else! 
But now he realized it was too late. 
Then, Lin Tian called out to Goblin Slayer in the cave, “It’s your turn.” 
“What are you planning now? Aren’t you going to seal his soul into the ring to increase your strength?” 
Goblin Slayer asked in confusion. 
After all, the plan had succeeded, but not fully reclaiming the corpse was a pity. 
Lin Tian sneered coldly, “I would like to, but the plan changed when so many strong opponents suddenly appeared. I had no choice.” 
“So what do you intend to do?” 
Goblin Slayer couldn’t help but ask. 
Lin Tian thought for a moment before confirming, “Isn’t this guy from the Great Tomb? Why not use his background to have the people from the Great Tomb eliminate those guys.” 
“Isn’t that too dangerous? The guys in the Great Tomb are best left unentangled.” 
Even Goblin Slayer felt worried. 
She was confident in dealing with goblins, but like everyone else, she kept his distance upon hearing about the Great Tomb. 
Lin Tian believed this was the best solution. 
Then, he took off the magic ring on his hand and placed it in Brutal’s hand. 
“Just order him to report to the people of the Great Tomb and offer the magic ring, asking them to avenge Brutal.” 
Hearing this, Goblin Slayer had no choice. 
She had to do as Lin Tian instructed. 
Overlord Variants, even with royal blood, required a lot to be fully controlled. 
After all, they were just one tier away from the King Variant. 
Then, she cut his wrist, dripping blood into Brutal’s mouth. 
The gene’s ability began to take effect. 
Gradually, Brutal started to lose consciousness. When he opened his eyes and stood up, he knelt directly at Goblin Slayer’s feet, “King.” 
Goblin Slayer conveyed Lin Tian’s orders to him. 
Brutal looked at the ring in his hand and nodded, “I will complete the King’s command!” 
Without any delay, he headed towards the Great Tomb forest. 
Lin Tian cleaned up the battlefield and then hid in the cave. 
He could only hope that Brutal would complete the task quickly. From the previous encounter with Marshall, it was clear he had the ability to burrow into the earth. 
Finding the cave location was incredibly convenient and quick. 
He really didn’t want to move, so he hoped Brutal would quickly seek help. 
Returning to the cave, he smelled a delicious scent of blood! 
If he were still human, he would have vomited by now. 
But now it smelled extremely appetizing. 
“Boss, you’re here. I’m starving.” 
Gobu Kuang couldn’t wait to say, his stomach growling. 
Lin Tian replied irritably, “You greedy thing, can’t you eat something else to tide you over?” 
Gobu Kuang looked aggrieved. 
At this moment, Gobu Yue spoke up for him, “Boss, Gobu Kuang carried four bags back by himself, more than anyone else.” 
Gobu Kuang was in the corner counting on his fingers. 
“One, two, three…” 
Lin Tian felt a wave of helplessness and finally said, “Stop counting already. Do you think you can count with your four hands? It’s time to eat.” 
Hearing it was mealtime, Gobu Kuang was happy like a two-meter-tall baby. 
After devouring all the experience packs they had gathered, Lin Tian checked the system. 
He had accumulated three hundred life points. 
It was time to enhance his strength. 
He entered the system store and went to the skills section. 
Previously, he had wanted to exchange for [Evil God’s Blessing], which could summon a sixth-tier magic puppet to protect him. 
After much thought, Lin Tian reconsidered, “Sixth-tier, similar in strength to Brutal, but even three Brutals might not be able to defeat the Sword Saintess…” 
He then browsed other skills. 
Previously, when his strength was very weak, he leaned towards skills that didn’t require action but ensured his survival. 
Now, he needed something to substantially improve himself. 
After much selection in the three hundred points category, he finally chose three skills. 
[Abnormal Fusion: Can seize and fuse the parts of others with oneself. Each part provides a certain attribute boost but does not grant the opponent’s innate skills and does not affect one’s own form.] 
[Necromantic Pact: Form a pact with any deceased soul, gaining all of their skills. Only one soul can be contracted at a time.] 
[Blood of Ruin: Attacks carry a ruinous effect, nullifying the opponent’s divine abilities, weakening all their attributes, and increasing the damage dealt to those with the ruin effect.] 
Lin Tian wanted all of these skills. 
Firstly, Abnormal Fusion didn’t seem that strong, but combined with his Gene Devour ability, it became much more powerful. 
For example, fusing a dragon’s wings and then devouring its flying skills would make him fly faster than a real dragon. 
Or fusing Medusa’s eyes and then devouring her petrification skills, which would grant him Medusa’s Gaze. 
These two skills were indispensable. 
Without Medusa’s Gaze, he couldn’t devour the petrification skills. 
The goblin’s Gene Devour had many limitations. To devour skills, certain conditions had to be met. 
Otherwise, it would be too overpowering. 
Why else would they be among the lowest-level monsters? 
Fusing a dragon’s heart would grant him burning blood, allowing him to release dragon flame skills. 
“Nercromantic Pact also seems very good.” 
Lin Tian hesitated as he looked at the system store. 
If he could dig up the grave of the previous Sword Saintess or some former legendary figure and forcibly contract them, it would be very satisfying. 
But it had its drawbacks. If there was a grave without a soul, it would be a wasted effort. 
Finding a desirable soul was a challenge. 
Lastly, Blood of Ruin would be a must-have, if not now, then next time. 
It was the only way to counter divine attacks. 
This way, nothing would be able to restrain him. 
After thinking for a long time, he decided to exchange for [Blood of Ruin] first, to have a fighting chance against the Sword Saintess. 
Abnormal Fusion was undoubtedly excellent, even better in some ways. 
But right now, there was nothing to fuse with. 
‘Ding, successfully exchanged for Blood of Ruin! Congratulations to the host for achieving the Miracle of Life effect! Returning three hundred life points!’ 
The sudden voice in his mind made Lin Tian freeze. 
Seeing that he still had three hundred life points. 
He couldn’t help but feel ecstatic! 
“System, I love you! If you were a person, if you were a woman, I would never treat you badly!” 
Lin Tian said, his hands trembling with excitement. 
He exchanged for [Abnormal Fusion] again. 
Two wishes fulfilled at once! 
At this moment, Gobu Yue and the others looked at him in surprise, not knowing what he was so happy about. “Boss, what’s wrong with you? Do you want that?” 
As the saying goes, being well-fed brings lustful thoughts. 
They thought Lin Tian had those thoughts. 
Pulled back by their voices, Lin Tian coughed, “Nothing, can’t you all behave for a day? My body can’t take it.” 
Just with Gobu Yue alone, he had lost count of how many times it had happened. 
He guessed that the level cap had already reached the world’s limit. 
Definitely more than level one hundred, maybe two hundred? 
However, considering his newly acquired Abnormal Fusion, if he fused his kidneys with those of a donkey or a horse… 
He recalled seeing a creature called the ‘Anglerfish’ whose mating time could last up to thirty years. 
He couldn’t imagine how powerful that would be. 
“Lalala.” 
Gobu Yue stuck out her little tongue and said nothing more. 
At this moment, he noticed Loder sobbing in a corner of the cave, “Father, sister, I am sorry, I brought this upon you!” 
Beside him was a broken sword and a spear. 
They were the weapons of Stantmont and Lorna. 
He knew them all too well. 
Gobu Tian had thought these weapons were pretty good and picked them up, which Loder saw. 
“Lin Tian, is my father still alive?” 
Loder wiped away his tears, speaking with guilt. 
Hearing this, Lin Tian, seeing Loder’s miserable state, shook his head, “Your father was bitten to death by an Overlord Variant, and as for your sister, her body has long been desecrated.” 
“Thud!” 
Hearing this, Loder’s heart skipped a beat! 
He felt worse than death! 
He had endured for so long, thinking he could still go home alive. Now, where would he go? 
Even if he escaped, there was no place to go. His home was gone. 
In agony, he said, “I never should have provoked you, never should have tried to outsmart you…” 
Lin Tian said nothing, resting on the ground. 
“Ifreya, Ifreya! Can you hear me?” 
Loder turned to shout at her. 
Ifreya was lying peacefully beside Lin Tian. 
Hearing the shout, she looked up at him but said nothing. 
Loder began talking to himself again, “As long as you can live, I hope the church will save you later. Farewell! Aaaaah!” 
Suddenly, he roared and ran headfirst into the stone wall! 
A sound of bones breaking was heard! Blood flowed from Loder’s head, gushing uncontrollably! 
He had created a hole the size of an egg! 
But he wasn’t dead yet. Loder lay on the ground, twitching, already unconscious. 
He was in a state between life and death. 
Seeing this, Lin Tian drew his short sword and ended his life, “Consider this a reduction of your pain. This guy… After torturing you for so long, I’ve grown fond of you, but you suddenly couldn’t take it anymore.” 
Over time, his hatred for Loder had gradually faded. 
He had relaxed his control over him, only chaining him up. 
He didn’t expect Loder to choose suicide. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 57: Tier 7 Monster · Minotaur Demon! 
TL: Sungmin  
Subsequently, the corpses were not wasted and were thoroughly consumed. 
With this wave, the number of hero variants grew from 20 to 40. 
Still far from reaching hundreds. 
“Hmph, if you insist on obstructing me from reclaiming the corpses, don’t blame me for exterminating you all,” Lin Tian said with hatred in his eyes. 
This time, he absolutely wanted the Sword Saintess to feel what a real blow was! 
In the Great Tomb Forest. 
Brutal, severely injured, finally returned to his Beast King Tribe. 
Unfortunately, only a few Small Goblins remained. 
Brutal roared in anger for a long time! 
Then, he walked deeper into the forest. 
In this world’s largest enchanted forest, humans were forbidden to step foot! 
Countless powerful monsters lived here. 
Tier 5 monsters roamed everywhere, and Tier 6 monsters were as numerous as dogs. 
Among them were four Tier 10 monsters, occupying the four corners of the forest. 
But they were also subordinates of the Great Tomb. 
Brutal ranked nowhere here, and he couldn’t possibly enter the Great Tomb to meet the real ‘monsters’ inside. 
Instead, he could only obediently find his superior. 
The ‘Minotaur Demon’ tribe. 
Brutal carefully crossed the forest, even though he was afraid, because many powerful but extremely low-intelligence monsters lived here. 
They were the truly ferocious ones that would kill any living thing in their sight. 
Before long, he arrived at a small mountain. 
The entire mountain had been hollowed out, where the Minotaur Demons lived. 
“Mr. Bull, I am the leader of the Beast King Tribe, are you at home?” 
Standing outside the cave, Brutal obediently asked, like a well-behaved child. 
He didn’t dare to go in rashly; otherwise, he wouldn’t know how he died. 
“Boom, boom, boom.” 
Inside the cave, a rumbling sound of the ground shaking echoed. 
Something enormous walked out. 
In the dark night, those two crimson eyes were positioned very high, at least four or five meters up! 
The figure was estimated to be twice as large as Brutal. 
In comparison, Brutal really was just like a baby. 
A gigantic monster with a bull’s face and a human body finally emerged. 
It had huge horns on its head, its body was covered in bulging muscles, dense black fur, and it had a long tail. 
Its feet were in the shape of hooves, and its hands were similar to those of humans. 
Though bulls were said to be honest and kind, the Minotaur Demons were known for their ferocity! 
They often went outside to slaughter humans and bring them back to eat. 
Goblins, comparatively, could eat other foods, with humans most appealing due to their excellent females. 
The meat wasn’t actually that favored. 
But Minotaur Demons were different; they had a generational habit of eating humans. 
They also had a nickname, ‘Cannibals.’ 
“You evolved?” 
The Minotaur Demon showed slight surprise upon seeing Brutal, but soon regained his calm. 
Even if Brutal had evolved, he was still no match. 
Minotaur Demons generally had Tier 5-6 strength, but this Minotaur Demon leader, Big Bull Li, was a Tier 7 entity. 
[Big Bull Li, Lv80<br/>
Race: Minotaur Demon<br/>
Profession: Berserker<br/>
Title: Tier 7 Monster, Cannibal<br/>
Health: 2300<br/>
Strength: 660<br/>
Defense: 700<br/>
Skills: Brute Force, Charging Horns, Demonization<br/>
Equipment: None<br/>
Overall: 3500] 
Although his overall strength was only four hundred more than peak Brutal. 
Once crossing the threshold of three thousand, every point of overall combat power became extremely difficult to increase, making the gap significant. 
Brutal honestly said, “Just evolved, but almost got killed by a group of humans.” 
“Humans? You left the Great Tomb?” 
The Minotaur Demon’s eyes instantly focused as he asked. 
If someone of such strength was almost killed, the humans they provoked must be very strong. 
Brutal awkwardly nodded, “Yes, but I went to retrieve something that belonged to me. They not only stole it but also killed my entire tribe.” 
As he spoke, he took out the Tier 7 Feitu Magic Ring. 
Seeing such a magical item, even the Minotaur Demon was tempted. 
But he didn’t expect Brutal to directly present it, “This is a magical item made by the Ghoul Tribe, part of your half-demon kin. If I give it to you, it can be considered returning it to its rightful owner.” 
The Minotaur Demon slightly smiled, “Hmph, speak, what do you want?” 
“Help me, kill them!” 
In an instant, Brutal’s eyes were filled with sinister malice! 
Hearing this, the Minotaur Demon thought for a moment, “We have an agreement with the Holy Church, not to step foot in human territory…  
But I can apply to the Lord. If it’s for revenge, he should agree. Wait here.” 
After saying that, the Minotaur Demon leaped dozens of meters away, quickly departing. 
In just a few minutes, he jumped back, his speed extremely fast and eerie! 
The Minotaur Demon coldly smiled, licking his lips with a savoring expression, “The Lord agreed. Finally, I can taste fresh blood and flesh again.” 
Had it not been for the long time since he last ate humans, he wouldn’t have wanted to do this. 
Moreover, the ring was also offered to the local lord. 
However, being able to reasonably go out to eat humans was enough. 
With a bull roar, dozens of Minotaur Demons emerged from the cave! 
Their bodies were about the same size as Brutal’s, with an overall power around 2000. 
Their strength was already very formidable. 
“I can’t wait any longer, lead the way!” Big Bull Li urged. 
In his eyes was a greedy and eager hunger for flesh! 
… 
In the Tian Kuang Tribe. 
Lin Tian had already mastered the proficiency of using the Blood of Ruin, and his level had been raised to 70. 
[Lin Tian: Lv70<br/>
Race: Goblin<br/>
Profession: None<br/>
Title: Blasphemer, Potential God, God’s Blessing<br/>
Health: 2000<br/>
Strength: 540<br/>
Defense: 710<br/>
Skills: Abnormal Fusion, Blood of Ruin, Ruinous Howl, No-Blade Capture, Keen…<br/>
Equipment: Fine Iron Armor, Fine Short Sword, Elemental Hand Crossbow<br/>
Overall: 3100] 
His strength had increased, but it was still difficult to reach the same level as the Sword Saintess. 
Even if his overall power reached 4000, he might not be able to defeat her. 
Thus, Lin Tian always played dirty. 
“It seems I have to join forces with Brutal to deal with her. Who asked to make my starting difficulty hell mode?” Lin Tian said with a bitter smile. 
Who else faced a boss like the Sword Saintess, capable of instantly killing him at the beginning? 
Otherwise, he would have swept through everything long ago, without needing to be so cautious. 
But now, he was finally on the verge of emerging victorious. 
As long as they wiped out Bright Town in this joint attack, they could form an entire army of hero variants! 
No more need to hide. 
At this moment, Goblin Slayer asked, “Do we need to go together later?” 
“No, I can escape when needed. This battle is mainly against the strong ones like the Sword Saintess,” Lin Tian replied. 
Having others there could lead to unnecessary casualties. 
He didn’t even need to go personally, but he feared Brutal and his group might not be strong enough to take down the Sword Saintess. 
He had to eliminate this thorn. 
A few days later. 
Brutal’s voice echoed at the cave entrance, “King, I am back.” 
“Just listen to him then,” Goblin Slayer replied, and Lin Tian walked out next. 
Brutal looked at him and remembered the battle that day, but instead of being angry, he was very respectful, “Let’s go.” 
This was the unchallengeable royal command. 
The moment Lin Tian stepped out, he saw dozens of huge, demonically-imbued Minotaur Demons! 
Those pairs of eyes sent chills down his spine! 
Big Bull Li asked in confusion, “Brutal, the friend you mentioned is this low-level goblin? Is your brain broken or are my eyes failing?” 
He had expected a Tier 7 Overlord Goblin. 
At worst, a Tier 6 one. 
Instead, it was less impressive than a pile of dog shit. 
“Mr. Bull, rest assured, his strength is about the same as mine,” Brutal said indifferently, continuing to lead the way. 
Since he said so, Big Bull Li asked no more questions. 
His mind was only filled with thoughts of eating humans. 
Following behind from a distance, Lin Tian couldn’t help but remark, “Good heavens, he found a group of minotaurs?” 
Although he himself had done many minotaur-like things, he didn’t have any good feelings towards minotaurs. 
This was the Minotaur Law: 
Better I deceive everyone than let everyone deceive me. 
Overall, this group of minotaurs was indeed very strong. 
Soon, they arrived at a small hill outside Bright Town, cautiously hiding. 
The soldiers were patrolling. 
Brutal pointed ahead, full of hatred, “That’s the place. But I must tell you, there’s a notorious woman with a sword there, very fierce and strong.” 
“Hmph, I like strong food,” Big Bull Li directly pushed the cautious Brutal aside and walked towards Bright Town. 
The group of Minotaur Demons followed suit. 
They had no intention of hiding. 
In the distance, several patrolling soldiers were puzzled, “What’s going on, an earthquake?” 
“Look over there! Behind the hill!” 
“It’s Minotaur Demons! So many Minotaur Demons are coming!!” 
Hearing the words Minotaur Demon, the soldiers were scared and immediately ran! 
These infamous cannibals had harmed countless villages. 
Who didn’t know? 
Thanks to the Church, they were forced into the Great Tomb and dared not come out easily. 
Who would have thought they’d encounter so many here! 
Seeing this, Lin Tian secretly thought, “Are they really that scary? However, I think goblins are much more terrifying than any Minotaur Demon.” 
Although goblins weren’t particularly strong now, only the high-tier intelligent ones were powerful. 
But if they captured Bright Town, Lin Tian planned to greatly develop low-level goblins. 
Establish a city. 
Use quantity to create a qualitative change. 
At this time, the Minotaur Demons leaped from the hill! 
They landed heavily in Bright Town, crushing countless houses and buildings! 
Big Bull Li jumped directly into a tavern, crushing several soldiers still drinking. 
Seeing the sudden monster, the other soldiers sobered up instantly! 
They picked up their weapons and began to fight back. 
But in the next second, Big Bull Li grabbed one and stuffed him into his mouth, chewing him, iron armor and all! 
Good teeth were indeed a blessing. 
He began to feast right there. 
The other Minotaur Demons did the same, their goal not being slaughter but simply to eat. 
Catching a person, they sat down comfortably and began to savor. 
Regardless of the soldiers attacking them, they focused on filling their bellies. 
Brutal also entered Bright Town, searching for the Sword Saintess and others. 
At this moment, that familiar underground tremor was felt! 
He quickly retreated to the side. 
Marshall emerged with a long spear! 
Immediately after, Austin came out of a house, and Emma had already reached the highest bell tower. 
“Swish!” 
A sword qi slashed through, splitting a Minotaur Demon in half! 
It saved the tavern owner. 
Frightened, he quickly escaped, gratefully shouting, “Sword Saintess!” 
Alicenia also came out of her room, fully armored. 
Felomon quickly ordered, “All soldiers, don’t panic! Gather around me!” 
If they panicked, it would be a one-sided massacre. 
Soon, everyone distanced themselves from the Minotaur Demons, while the residents and weaker adventurers fled the town. 
The Minotaur Demons sat in place, savoring their tasty morsels. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 58: Using a Bow as a Barrett! 
TL: Sungmin  
“Why are there so many minotaurs?” 
For the first time, Austin’s expression turned serious. 
He felt an immense pressure. 
Marshall stared coldly at Brutal and said, “Isn’t that guy from the Great Tomb? He must have summoned them. We should have killed him back then!” 
“This was my oversight last time. Leave it to me!” 
Alicenia raised her longsword and charged directly at one of the minotaurs! 
She was determined to make up for her previous mistake. 
She shouldn’t have pursued Lin Tian. She failed to catch him and let Brutal escape, which led to the current minotaur chaos. 
The minotaur saw her rushing towards it and reached out to grab her, but in the next second! 
A flash of cold light! 
The large hand turned into a blood mist! 
Alicenia swiftly beheaded a minotaur. 
Seeing this, Austin and the others also began their assault. 
Felomon commanded the soldiers to prepare a battle plan, “The minotaurs are too powerful. We need to use spears to entangle them!” 
Brutal pounced and engaged Marshall. 
Austin, Felomon, and the soldiers began taking down the minotaurs one by one. 
Emma targeted the weak spots of the minotaurs, causing maximum damage. 
Overall, there were only about thirty of them. As long as nothing unexpected happened, they could be defeated without too many casualties. 
In a short time, Alicenia had already slain four or five minotaurs. 
After eating seven or eight people, Big Bull Li’s gaze was drawn to the Sword Saintess, attracted by her strong figure and fair skin. 
She must taste the best! 
Lin Tian thought the same, though not about eating. 
Big Bull Li pushed aside several houses and charged at the Sword Saintess! 
His massive body and unparalleled strength made him unstoppable! 
He launched a surprise punch at the Sword Saintess’s back! 
The fist was larger than a person. 
However, while slaying a minotaur, Alicenia still had her left hand free, catching the punch with one hand. 
Evenly matched! 
Big Bull Li was dumbfounded for a moment, “How is this possible!” 
His greatest pride was his unrivaled strength, now caught by a human! 
“Brute Force!” 
He activated a skill, exerting a second burst of power! 
The shockwave forced Alicenia to retreat, but it didn’t cause significant damage. 
They began a fierce battle. 
On the other side, Brutal’s overall strength hadn’t fully recovered, and he was evenly matched with Marshall. 
Seeing this, Lin Tian started shooting from a distance, using poison elements. 
Marshall’s left hand was paralyzed on the spot, unable to move. He exclaimed, “Someone else? A small goblin? No, it’s him!” 
Upon seeing Lin Tian, he immediately realized it was the goblin the Sword Saintess had mentioned. 
However, a moment of distraction allowed Brutal to gain the upper hand. 
With his left hand paralyzed, Marshall couldn’t wield his spear, a two-handed weapon. 
He hurriedly tried to use the Earth Movement technique to escape. 
Lin Tian sneered, “I’ve been waiting for this moment.” 
He unleashed a charged earth element attack! 
A lump of clay engulfed Marshall, half his body buried, the other half above ground. 
The Earth Movement technique allowed movement through earth but could be interrupted by other skills. 
Any control-type skill could do it. 
Brutal then prepared to crush Marshall’s head with his jaws! 
Seeing this from afar, Emma began chanting, “Super-tier Archery: Wind God’s Arrow!” 
Her longbow gathered a force of swift wind! 
She fired instantly! 
She thought it would blow Brutal’s head off. 
But the arrow was intercepted mid-air by another wind element. 
It was Lin Tian.  
“An elf, huh? Good thing I also have sharp skills.” 
Brutal bit down! 
Marshall didn’t even have time to scream before he was killed. 
Lin Tian hurried over, “Wait, give this to me. You go help with the minotaurs.” 
“Oh, okay.” 
Brutal was taken aback but obediently agreed. 
The king’s order couldn’t be resisted. 
Seeing the nearly level 80 experience pack, Lin Tian didn’t hesitate to devour it. 
Emma saw Marshall being devoured alive and covered her mouth in horror, kneeling on the ground, “Mr. Marshall! Ugh!” 
Tears flowed uncontrollably. 
“Marshall!!!” 
Austin roared from a distance, veins bulging on his forehead! He charged forward, using his shield and sword to cleave a minotaur in half! 
He rushed towards Lin Tian! 
His overwhelming rage was terrifying! 
Seeing Austin’s arrogance, Lin Tian stood his ground without moving. 
Austin, in a fury, shouted, “You damned beast! Super-tier Combat Skill: Mountain-Cracking Slash!” 
The hundred-pound shield-sword swung down with immense force! 
Blade and aura erupted! 
This strike, even Big Bull Li couldn’t take it! 
“Hey, why are you using your ultimate move right after meeting me? This isn’t how the game is played.” 
Lin Tian sneered and activated the skill ‘No-Blade Capture.’ 
He completely nullified the physical attack. 
Unfortunately, he couldn’t trigger the blade-snatching effect since the weapon was almost as big as Lin Tian himself and very wide, making it awkward to hold. 
The sudden turn of events left Austin dumbfounded! 
He couldn’t believe his attack was ineffective! 
It felt like he had struck the air. 
Just as he was about to turn around, he realized Lin Tian had disappeared. 
Like when he fought Brutal, Lin Tian had used the momentum to leap onto Austin’s back, opening his seductive little mouth, “Super-tier Magic Skill: Brutal Roar!” 
An earth-shattering roar erupted! 
It shattered the surrounding debris, creating an open space! 
Austin didn’t even have time to react; his brain turned to mush! 
This wasn’t just a stun but instant death! 
White brain matter oozed from his nose and ears. 
Lin Tian started eating again, “If you’re going to use your ultimate move, don’t blame me for doing the same up close.” 
Brutal’s physical resilience was much better, and since Lin Tian had just learned this skill back then, its power wasn’t significant. 
After roaring, his throat hurt for a long time. 
Now, after much practice, he could kill directly with it. 
“Lord Austin! How is this possible!!!” 
From a distance, Emma once again fell into despair! 
Two! 
Two comrades, who lived and died together, had died right in front of her eyes. 
She even saw them being eaten alive. 
An ordinary person would have collapsed by now. 
Emma, suppressing her grief, her eyes glowing with a pure white light, activated the Elf Tribe’s divine skill, ‘Archer’s Focus!’ 
It could maximize the accuracy and power of her weapon. 
It also had a certain x-ray effect. 
Lin Tian inexplicably felt a chill on his back and quickly hid behind some rubble, secretly pleased, “I didn’t expect to level up by five levels, finally reaching level 75, and my overall strength also increased to 3200.” 
While he was thinking this, a sharp pain struck his back! 
He didn’t know when, but he had been hit by an arrow. 
Lin Tian gritted his teeth and pulled out the arrow, only to see another arrow embedded in the stone wall in front of him! 
Fortunately, he dodged in time, or that arrow would have pierced his heart! 
He felt a lingering fear, “Is that woman using the bow like a barrett? Damn, if not for the stone wall slowing it down, I wouldn’t have been able to dodge!” 
“Brutal! Go and knock down the bell tower!” Lin Tian quickly shouted. 
Luckily, he had that guy; otherwise, he would have been stuck here. 
Hearing this, Brutal charged towards the bell tower like a mad dog; most of the buildings were made of wood. 
Under his frenzied attack, the bell tower began to sway. 
Eventually, it collapsed into rubble. 
Taking advantage of this opportunity, Lin Tian aimed his poison element attack at Emma. 
“Swish, swish, swish!” 
Unexpectedly, Emma, under the Archer’s Focus, could easily dodge. 
With such an amazing skill, Lin Tian felt the pressure mounting; unless her skill time ran out, he had no way to get close. 
Seeing this, Lin Tian had no choice but to find another pile of rubble to hide behind. 
Emma’s anger had turned into an attack! Even hiding behind the thickest rubble was useless. 
In a few shots, the rubble would collapse, losing its cover. 
Suddenly, Lin Tian thought of something. No cover? 
Weren’t the minotaurs right in front of him all covers? Just as he was about to jump onto their backs, he felt something was wrong! 
He quickly retreated! 
He saw the minotaur being directly pierced! 
But it wasn’t killed. 
At this point, Emma’s body could barely hold on; in the Archer’s Focus state, the consumption of stamina, even draining her life, was immense. 
Each shot usually left her gasping for breath. 
Now, after shooting more than a dozen arrows, she almost completely exhausted her life force. 
But she still held on. 
She continued aiming, but her vision suddenly blurred, and the Archer’s Focus forcibly interrupted. 
She collapsed to the ground in a daze. 
Seeing this, Brutal immediately wanted to pounce and tear her apart. 
But Lin Tian quickly called him off, “Get out of the way, she’s mine!” 
Brutal could only obediently go help Big Bull Li. 
Lin Tian looked around and picked up Emma, carrying her towards the collapsed bell tower. 
Taking advantage of the fact that the Sword Saintess hadn’t noticed, he planned to enjoy himself. 
Not only was Emma very beautiful, but after mating, his attributes would also improve a bit. 
Soon, the unconscious Emma slowly opened her eyes, discovering her naked body beneath a goblin. 
She screamed in fright, trying to break free. 
But she found her limbs wouldn’t obey! 
The goblin’s ‘God’s Blessing’ ability restricted her, not only preventing resistance but even making her cooperate. 
“Get off, get off, goblin! Stop moving! Get off!” 
Emma said with tears in her eyes, but she was powerless to resist. 
Hearing this, Alicenia felt something was wrong from afar and, looking around, couldn’t find Marshall or Austin. 
She quickly followed Emma’s voice. 
At this moment, Big Bull Li had activated his demon form, increasing his strength to 3900! 
His body was nearly ten meters tall, with skin that seemed covered in a black shell, very tough. 
His legs had turned into huge tentacles, extremely difficult to deal with. 
He resembled the eight-tailed beast from a certain anime. 
That’s why the Sword Saintess was held up for so long. 
However, it was still easy for Alicenia to escape; she quickly jumped to the bell tower ruins. 
When she saw the scene before her, she was stunned! 
“No! Emma!” 
Alicenia immediately shouted. 
Emma held a dagger to her heart, tears streaming down her face, “Alicenia, Marshall, and Lord Austin… they are already dead, and I…” 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 59: Ultimate Skill · Holy Judgment 
TL: Sungmin  
Seeing her disheveled clothes and the foul-smelling objects scattered on the ground, Alicenia understood. It was that goblin! The one they hadn’t managed to kill! 
“Splurt!” 
While she was thinking, Emma directly plunged a knife into her own heart! 
Tears streaming down her face, she said, “Lady Alicenia, I don’t want to give birth to a goblin’s child. You must avenge us…” 
With that, she fell to the ground, dying with her eyes open. 
Alicenia’s face darkened, almost dripping with anger. She was beyond furious! 
It was now hatred, malice, terror! 
From afar, Big Bull Li controlled three tentacles, smashing them towards her! 
Alicenia spun around! 
Sword Qi slashed horizontally! 
Not only did it cut off the three tentacles, but the flying Sword Qi also severed everything in front of her over three meters high! 
Several minotaurs suddenly froze, half their bodies slowly sliding off and falling to the ground. 
Everyone was scared by the sudden scene! 
They couldn’t help but step back several paces. 
Even the humans like Felomon. 
Big Bull Li also sensed that the situation wasn’t good. Even if he activated his demonic transformation, he might not be able to win. 
For the minotaur tribe, every demonic transformation cost them a tentacle. 
Big Bull Li originally had ten tails, now he was down to six, having used four. 
If he lost all his tails, it would mean death. 
This time, transforming was risking his life. 
Seeing this, the other minotaurs activated their demonic transformation! 
Most of them could only activate it three times in their lives, and they had to go all out this time, or they would all die! 
In the demonic transformation state, not only did their attributes increase explosively, but they could also use their tentacles for long-range attacks. 
A hard, armor-like substance would appear on their bodies, very tough. 
“You all must die…” 
Alicenia’s face remained dark, coldly uttering these words. 
“Ultimate Sword Skill · Holy Judgment!” 
She suddenly plunged her longsword into her own body! 
Everyone was stunned! 
Felomon, shocked and worried, exclaimed, “Lady Sword Saintess, what are you doing!” 
Alicenia replied indifferently, “All of you, leave here immediately, or you will all die…” 
“Damn!” 
“Run, run!” 
“I’ve never seen Lady Sword Saintess so terrifying!” 
“Mother, she’s scarier than those monsters!” 
A group of people started to flee. 
Hiding, Lin Tian also felt something was wrong and quickly fled as well. 
At this moment, the longsword plunged into Alicenia’s body burst out with a blinding light! 
Several tentacles near her were instantly evaporated by the light. 
“Rumble, rumble!” 
Within the Bright Town area, the ground continued to shake! 
A giant golden magic circle covered the entire ground of Bright Town! 
Countless holy runes spun around. 
Alicenia slowly began to float upwards, then a golden statue emerged from the ground! 
About ten meters high. 
It bore some resemblance to Alicenia. 
It even felt like a 1:10 replica. 
However, the statue’s eyes were covered. 
The terrifyingly holy aura was so intense that no one dared to look directly at those eyes, even if they weren’t covered! 
Alicenia’s eyes were now emitting a strong golden light. 
She made a motion of reaching out to the right, and the statue mimicked her. 
But in the statue’s hand, there was a giant sword formed of holy light. 
It was clear that Alicenia controlled the statue. 
Immediately, the statue began to move! 
The entire world seemed to tremble! 
With one strike, like squashing an ant, it obliterated a minotaur in demonic form! 
One was so scared he was stunned. The giant sword landed nearby, and the air wave it stirred up sent him flying! 
He quickly tried to escape. 
But when he reached the edge of the magic circle on the ground, the holy runes appeared, knocking him back. 
The damage was high too. 
His arm looked like it was burned, sizzling and smoking. 
Alicenia slaughtered wildly, no minotaur could withstand a single strike. 
Soon, only Big Bull Li was left. 
Outside, Lin Tian felt incredibly fortunate, “Damn, luckily I ran out. This guy I thought was a swordsman turns out to be a mage??? A pure close-combat mad dog mage!” 
The destructive power of such a holy statue puppet was unimaginable. 
Checking through the system, Alicenia’s overall combat power had soared to five thousand! 
Four thousand wasn’t even her limit. 
“Is it worth fighting like this, as if your lives depended on it?” 
Lin Tian remarked, observing that earlier, both the elf and the minotaurs fought fiercely, and now even the Sword Saintess was going all out. 
It was terrifying. 
On the other side, Felomon and the others watched this scene with tears of excitement, “Lady Sword Saintess is so powerful!” 
“Do you understand what a sense of security is? This is it!” 
“Long live Lady Sword Saintess! I’m now a fan!” 
“I’m totally a super fan! My goddess is amazing! Kill that big monster!” 
At this moment, Big Bull Li’s face showed signs of fear. One of his horns had been cut off. His aura was weak, completely devoid of the arrogance he had earlier.  
The attacks from the holy statue grew increasingly stronger! 
Big Bull Li hurriedly used several tentacles to bind the statue’s hands, feet, waist, and neck. 
A struggle for strength began! 
The muscles in the tentacles creaked under tension, and Alicenia, who was controlling the statue, also appeared to be struggling, unable to break free. 
It had to be said, no matter how powerful a woman was, she had no resistance against tentacles. 
Seeing this made Lin Tian want to learn this ability. 
The minotaur opened its huge mouth, revealing a tubular appendage hidden inside! 
It was very long, surrounded by sharp teeth, extremely frightening. 
It lunged towards the Sword Saintess’s body, like a chameleon or a frog extending its long tongue. 
Big Bull Li sneered, thinking he had succeeded, and so did everyone else. 
In an instant, the sword embedded in the Sword Saintess’s body flew out, piercing straight towards Big Bull Li’s appendage! 
It directly pierced into Big Bull Li’s mouth! 
Holy light spewed out from his mouth, like flames, it was shocking! 
Immediately after, the holy statue broke free from its restraints. 
It stabbed Big Bull Li’s abdomen again, pinning him to the ground. 
It was clear that his strength was gone. 
Felomon and the others finally felt relieved, “As expected of the undefeated Sword Saintess, the unyielding holy sword protecting the empire… too powerful…” 
Big Bull Li was completely suppressed, unable to resist. 
The holy sword inside him erupted with golden light, frantically destroying his internal organs! 
In addition to the sword pierced in his mouth. 
Finally, 
Big Bull Li gradually lost the ability to resist and died on the spot. 
At this moment, the holy statue staggered, almost losing its balance. 
Alicenia was also barely holding on, blood seeping from the sword wound in her abdomen, staining her platinum armor. 
As the statue disappeared, she fell from mid-air. 
Seeing this, Felomon and the others knew it was bad and rushed over to check on her. 
Alicenia stood up with eyes full of sorrow, not fainting, clutching her abdomen. 
Looking at Big Bull Li’s corpse, she felt no joy, three comrades who shared life and death were gone just like that. 
And the culprit was still alive! 
She picked up her weapon, used a recovery potion to suppress the wound, and prepared to find Lin Tian. 
“Boom!” 
A wind ball blasted towards the Sword Saintess. 
Injured and exhausted, the Sword Saintess couldn’t react, flying dozens of meters away! 
Parts of her armor fell off, and her holy sword slipped from her hand. 
“It’s that goblin! You despicable, shameless creature, attacking Lady Sword Saintess while she’s injured!” Felomon shouted angrily. 
Lin Tian looked at him in surprise, “What did you just call me?” 
“Despicable, shameless creature!” Felomon said hatefully. 
Lin Tian shrugged, “Not that, the previous sentence, you know I’m a goblin, and you’re still reasoning with me?” 
“Swish!” 
The Elemental Hand Crossbow shot out! 
It hit Felomon right between the eyes, sticky blood oozing from the wound, and he fell to the ground. 
Lin Tian didn’t bother arguing with him. 
But now, the plan to capture the leader first was no longer effective. 
The soldiers’ morale shifted to the Sword Saintess; Felomon’s death made them furious! 
They all charged at Lin Tian with their weapons. 
There were over three hundred soldiers, the most troublesome being the lancers. 
However, Lin Tian could handle it, moving swiftly among the soldiers! 
They couldn’t catch his position. 
Every time he moved, a soldier would be decapitated, or have a bloody hole in his chest. 
Thanks to Lin Tian’s small stature, his speed had great advantages. 
It was a one-sided slaughter. 
The ruins echoed with the soldiers’ wails. 
“Don’t retreat! Buy time for Lady Sword Saintess to recover!” 
“Sacrifice your hearts!” 
An experienced soldier shouted passionately. 
Suddenly, the shout stopped. 
He looked down to find Lin Tian standing in front of him, holding a heart, “Well, you’re free, I’ll take this heart.” 
Nearby, Alicenia struggled to move, healing her injuries. 
She felt anger, helplessness, despair, guilt. 
Watching her soldiers die for her, unable to help them. 
The painful wails were like a demon’s whisper in her ear. 
Alicenia, regaining some strength, drank several vials of stamina potion. 
She picked up her holy sword and stood up. 
Her strength wasn’t fully restored, only around 2500. 
“It’s enough, I will kill you now!” 
Alicenia moved instantly, slashing towards Lin Tian! 
Sword Qi surged wildly! 
It was unavoidable. 
Lin Tian’s keen skills sensed the attack, he quickly used a near-death soldier as a shield. 
Alicenia’s heart tightened, she redirected her sword, slashing to the side. 
“Boom!” 
A ten-meter fissure appeared in front of her! 
The sight was terrifying. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 60: Church Support, Holy Cross Guardian! 
TL: Sungmin  
Taking advantage of the Sword Saintess’s moment of recovery. 
Lin Tian raised his short sword, ready to stab her in the abdominal wound. 
Unexpectedly, she managed to perform a somersault, kicking Lin Tian away with one swift move. 
Fortunately, Lin Tian blocked with his short sword, only sliding a short distance from the impact. 
She was truly difficult to deal with, even though her strength had dropped to around 2500. 
She was still so formidable. 
As they say, a starved camel is still bigger than a horse. 
Lin Tian quickly closed the distance again, and when he was close enough, he used the skill “Brutal Roar!” 
The nearby soldiers were instantly shaken to death. 
The Sword Saintess also faltered for a moment but then activated the skill “Holy Sword Intent!” 
Surrounding sword energy around her body suddenly dissipated, bringing her consciousness back. 
She hastily blocked Lin Tian’s surprise attack. 
She even counterattacked, injuring Lin Tian with a reverse sword strike. 
Touching the wound on his head where the scalp had been scraped, Lin Tian realized that continuing like this might lead to mutual destruction, or worse, his defeat. 
After all, the Sword Saintess was of the holy attribute, able to suppress him. 
His monster skills had minimal effect on her. 
At this moment, Alicenia’s eyes burned with fury, “Today, we shall end this!” 
Lin Tian smirked coldly, “Do you enjoy the taste of failure? Hmm?” 
“Shut up!” 
Alicenia swung her sword. 
Lin Tian calmly evaded, moving beside a soldier. 
The powerful and cold longsword stopped at the soldier’s neck. 
The soldier was so scared that his legs gave out, trembling and kneeling on the ground. 
“If you have the guts, stop running around! Stand still!” 
Alicenia crazily swung her sword in pursuit. 
Lin Tian kept dodging, knowing he was faster than her, so there was no need to worry. 
He aimed to break Alicenia’s spirit again, then he could use “Blood of Ruin” on her. 
Otherwise, she would block it. 
An hour passed. 
Lin Tian did not attack, just played around. 
He specifically hid behind the soldiers. Every time he was about to be cut, Alicenia had to stop, otherwise, she would kill the soldiers too. 
Many of them were crippled by Lin Tian, unable to escape. 
They could only become his human shields. 
“Kill me, Sword Saintess! Kill me!” 
“Yes, just avenge us! Strike me down!” 
The soldiers cried out in despair and fury. 
Under the influence of their voices, Alicenia froze, her resolve wavered. 
She hesitated! 
She had really thought about cutting them all down together. 
At this moment, the soldier held by Lin Tian pleaded, “Sword Saintess, just take care of my wife and daughter, kill me!” 
“This is boring, let’s call it a day. Anyway, you will end this battle in miserable defeat.” 
Lin Tian spoke with a bored expression. 
Seeing him about to escape. 
Alicenia finally couldn’t bear it, closing her eyes, she slashed down in an instant! 
One sword. 
The soldier was split in half on the spot! 
But Lin Tian dodged just in time, a cold smile curled on his lips, he succeeded! 
If this continued, she would completely lose it. 
In just a few seconds. 
Alicenia had killed several soldiers in a row. 
She felt her eyes being covered in blood, the world turning crimson, with only one thought in her mind, kill! 
Kill them all! 
In a few minutes, all the soldiers were dead by her sword. 
Under the holy sword that protected the empire. 
Lin Tian laughed triumphantly, “Well done, Sword Saintess. You’re much better at killing people than monsters.” 
“Thump!” 
Alicenia regained some clarity, looking at the bloody scene before her, she was completely stunned! 
She couldn’t believe she had done this. 
But looking down. 
The fresh blood on her holy sword was still warm, and she was covered in blood. 
“I-I killed so many… so many people I was supposed to protect…” 
Alicenia’s eyes trembled, questioning herself. 
This was the chance! 
Lin Tian wiped the blood from his head wound, smeared it on his short sword, and launched a sneak attack! 
Piercing through her armor, stabbing into her shoulder. 
Alicenia pushed Lin Tian away forcefully, screaming madly, “I will kill you! Why are you doing this! Why did you kill them!” 
For a moment, it was unclear if she was talking to herself or someone else. 
Just as she prepared to attack again, she felt a sharp pain in her shoulder. 
Under normal circumstances, with adrenaline, she shouldn’t feel such intense pain, but it felt like her heart was being pierced! 
She fell to her knees directly. 
Her strength rapidly waned. 
Moreover, she could feel the holy power within her ebbing away. 
“Lord God, don’t do this to me, it’s not my fault, I will protect everyone, I…” 
Alicenia stretched her hand towards the sky, pleading. 
She thought that God, seeing her slaughter her own people, had stripped her of her powers. 
With the sky covered in dark clouds, she believed even God did not want to look at her. 
Suddenly, Lin Tian appeared in front of her, landing a punch that sent her flying! 
She couldn’t even hold onto her sword, which fell beside her. 
Alicenia did not resist, her heart filled with immense regret, but repentance was useless. 
Her comrades died before her eyes, and her people died by her hand! 
The overwhelming pressure made her head spin. 
At this moment, light rain began to fall. 
In endless pain and guilt, the severely injured Alicenia finally lost consciousness. 
Lin Tian looked at the perfect body before him and felt a pang of sympathy, “Such a strong woman, yet she has fatal weaknesses.” 
Under the suppression of the Blood of Ruin, she wouldn’t wake up for a while. 
Previously. 
Lin Tian had wanted to kill her directly and devour her. 
He definitely wanted to turn her into his plaything, but that was too difficult. 
She would probably commit suicide before letting that happen. 
But now, it might be possible. 
Under the pollution of the Blood of Ruin, the Sword Saintess would lose her holy power. 
If she believed she had been abandoned by God and chose to fall into corruption, he would have his chance. 
“This is far from enough, so let’s plant a seed of corruption in you…” Lin Tian grinned wickedly. 
He tore off her platinum armor, a symbol of purity. 
When all the armor was removed, her snow-white skin, accompanied by a fragrant scent, was exposed to Lin Tian’s gaze. 
Every inch seemed like a masterpiece of craftsmanship. 
Such a body was hard to find in the world. 
In the silent environment, with the gloomy weather. 
Gradually, the rain grew heavier, and as the white skin became stained with dirty mud. 
He believed a pure and noble soul would completely collapse along with the body’s pollution. 
This feeling was something he had never experienced before. 
Compared to others, the Sword Saintess seemed to have something special. 
As Lin Tian was immersed in his thoughts, his heart suddenly felt a sharp pain! 
A sense of extreme danger quietly approached. 
In the distance, Brutal, who had escaped, came rushing back, his face full of fear, almost in tears. 
He hurriedly shouted to Lin Tian, “The Church! The people from the Church are here! Run!” 
Lin Tian asked in surprise, “The Church?” 
“Yes, it’s the Holy Church! A bishop is here!” 
Brutal didn’t even care that Lin Tian had captured the Sword Saintess. 
He ran past him in a panic! 
Under the gray sky. 
Lin Tian saw a group of people slowly approaching from a distance, about a dozen, but it was hard to see clearly in the rain. 
At this moment. 
A sudden thunderclap roared! 
In the flash of lightning, Lin Tian finally saw the newcomers clearly. 
They were tall, all wearing heavy armor, and wielding heavy swords, walking step by step. 
The pattern on their armor was very striking. 
Full of oppressive force! 
A large ‘cross’ symbol indicated the newcomers were the Church’s Holy Cross Guardians! 
Lin Tian finished his last act, then distanced himself, confronting them. 
He didn’t dare to act rashly. 
The bishop of the Holy Cross Guardians looked at the Sword Saintess on the ground and sighed, “I didn’t expect that even she would be in trouble, and it’s just a small goblin…” 
“A weak and harmless appearance, hiding terrifying power and evil, this is a typical demon.” 
The bishop said slowly, placing his heavy sword on the ground with a thud. 
He finally commanded, “Holy Guards, heed my command, in the name of God, offer your strength for peace in this world, expel the demon! Hallelujah!” 
Suddenly! 
Ten Holy Guards charged at Lin Tian in unison! 
They looked heavy, but their speed was incredibly fast! 
The two sides clashed. 
Every strike, Lin Tian could barely block, realizing something was wrong. These guys were much stronger than expected. 
A quick glance at their attributes showed they all had a strength of 3000! 
Terrified, he turned and ran! 
Slashing his palm, he scattered a lot of Blood of Ruin. 
The Holy Guards sensed something wrong with the blood, “Forbidden substance. Don’t chase, that goblin is truly a demon…” 
Lin Tian also fled in the opposite direction, then took a detour. 
“Damn, this is the Church’s power? Even a small soldier has 3000 combat strength, I need to revise my plan!” 
He ran without looking back. 
He ran as far as he could. 
On the ruins of Bright Town, the bishop calmly walked to the Sword Saintess. 
He tore off his red cloak and covered her, lifting her up, “Let’s prepare to return, this child needs the cleansing and guidance of the priest, otherwise, she might fall into corruption.” 
“Bishop, aren’t we dealing with the goblin disaster? And this minotaur corpse, and… Divine Priestess Ifreya…” A Holy Guard asked. 
The bishop looked around, sighed, “We’re already late, bury the bodies. As for Ifreya, the archbishop has already said that God have descended a miracle and chosen a new Divine Priest. We don’t need to search anymore.” 
Hearing this, the Holy Guards understood. 
It was a pity, Ifreya had the best talent among the past Divine Priests. 
She could have possibly become a Saintess. 
Then, they took the Sword Saintess back to the capital. 
Originally, Felomon had requested their help in dealing with the goblins, but the Church was short-handed, so they had come from far away. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 61: Stepping into the Great Tomb! 
TL: Sungmin  
After running for a long time, when Lin Tian realized they hadn’t caught up, he thought he couldn’t just keep running away. 
There were many experience packs there that hadn’t been consumed yet. 
There were even large ones like the Minotaur. 
So, he quietly snuck back. 
When he was sure there was no one around Bright Town, he crawled out of the bushes. 
“Where are the bodies? They actually buried them all.” 
Lin Tian was puzzled for a moment, but then he understood when he saw many simple, nameless tombstones standing in the ruins. 
Fortunately, the Minotaur’s body was still there. It seemed they weren’t kind enough to bury the monsters as well. 
He feasted for a day and a night, almost devouring everything, including the ten-meter-tall Minotaur corpse. 
He ate until he was nauseous and finally reached level eighty! 
Because goblins didn’t have the ability to gain experience by killing enemies, they could only grow stronger by continuously devouring flesh through the skill Gene Devour. 
Fortunately, using the Gene Devour skill on corpses didn’t cause a feeling of fullness. 
Otherwise, he would have already burst. 
The nausea came from eating for a very, very long time. 
He was almost exhausted. 
“Damn, at least I’m level eighty now. Going back to train my overall strength should bring it close to four thousand.” 
Dragging his weary body, Lin Tian could finally head back. 
Moreover, 
This time he had won a great victory! 
Not only did he eliminate the most troublesome opponent, but he also secured a long period of development and prospects for the Tian Kuang Tribe. 
As for the future. 
When Lin Tian arrived outside the waterfall cave, he saw the so-called “future.” 
It was Brutal. 
Through him, he could lead all the goblins into the Great Tomb for protection. 
They wouldn’t have to fear human retribution anymore. 
Moreover, even people from the Holy Church wouldn’t dare to enter casually. 
Lin Tian called out to him, “Oi, what are you sneaking around at the entrance for?” 
“My tribe is gone now. I want to follow my king.” 
Brutal spoke with a longing like a little baby. 
Lin Tian smiled lightly, “Wait here. I’ll get her to agree.” 
The main thing was he couldn’t enter, so he had to wait here. 
When he entered the cave, everyone saw Lin Tian return and immediately asked. 
“How did it go? Did you win?” 
“Boss, boss, tell me what happened.” 
“Oh my God, did you notice? The boss seems even stronger, and he feels really powerful!” 
Gobu Yue, Goblin Slayer, Lia, and others were all very curious. 
Lin Tian couldn’t help but feel a bit proud, “Don’t you know my skills? The Sword Saintess has been reshaped into my form.” 
At this moment. 
Everyone was in awe. 
The most surprised was Goblin Slayer, who said incredulously, “No way, you defeated her? Not only did you defeat her, but you also mated with her?” 
“Of course, but unfortunately, the Holy Church took her away.” 
Lin Tian said with some disappointment, reminiscing about the intense moments with the Sword Saintess, the impact was so strong! 
It was unforgettable. 
That was a perfect body like never before. 
Suddenly, Goblin Slayer hugged Lin Tian tightly, rubbing their faces together, “I knew you were the best, a perfect specimen. Come on, I want it!” 
“No! I don’t want it today. Let me off, I’m too tired.” 
Lin Tian quickly refused, jumping out of her embrace. 
Then he got to the main point, “You know the guy outside, right? He wants to join us. We can use his identity to move to the Great Tomb.” 
“To the Great Tomb?” 
Goblin Slayer was a bit surprised but trusted Lin Tian’s decision, “No problem.” 
Then, Lin Tian gathered all the goblins and instructed, “Everyone, take a rest. Tomorrow we have big things to do!” 
“Long live the boss!” 
“Alright!” 
“I love doing big things! Let’s do it!” 
A group of goblins cheered, waving their arms and legs. 
Lin Tian lay in his nest, thinking about where to start with the big event tomorrow. 
Previously, riding on the little dragon, Xiao Huan, he had mapped out the entire area. 
Including the terrain, villages, rivers, and so on. 
The most important were the villages. 
Within a few hundred miles, there were more than ten villages of various sizes, each with about a hundred people. 
That’s roughly over a thousand people. 
Subtracting the elderly and children, there were only two or three hundred women left, maybe more if they were lucky. 
“It doesn’t feel like enough. We’ll have to plunder them all along the way.” Lin Tian thought. 
Since the Great Tomb had a non-aggression pact with the Holy Church. 
Before going to the Great Tomb, he needed to prepare enough breeding tools. 
In there, he would have enough time to build a large goblin tribe. 
The prerequisite was having enough breeding tools. 
Snatching a few hundred or even a thousand was necessary, and the plan was to use humans to breed an elite force. 
As for low-level goblins, it was sufficient to use ordinary animals and monsters for mass production. 
That would definitely not be lacking. 
Previously, due to the need for secrecy and food shortages, only high-quality goblins were produced in small quantities, avoiding mass production of low-level goblins. 
In the Great Tomb, that wouldn’t be necessary. 
Lin Tian could fully unleash his plans there. 
… 
The next day. 
The entire Tian Kuang Tribe was mobilized, taking out several hundred large hemp sacks woven by the elves. 
Each sack could easily hold two people. 
Lilith and the others turned into bats and hid in one sack to avoid sunlight. 
They also brought along the original hundred breeding machines. 
“King, you’ve come out… I want to…” 
When Brutal saw Goblin Slayer, he quickly knelt down. 
Before he could finish his sentence, Goblin Slayer said casually, “No problem, but you must follow his commands completely, seeing him as you would see me.” 
Then, Goblin Slayer walked towards the front of the main force, not even bothering to glance at Brutal. 
That was an overlord variant. 
Just one step away from a king variant, not even worth looking at. 
Brutal nodded repeatedly, “Then I’ll call you boss too. Boss, what are we going to do?” 
“Go to your tribe and prepare for us to move over there. But before that, we need to raid some villages.” Lin Tian said. 
Brutal was slightly stunned, then nodded repeatedly, “Great! Wonderful!” 
Lin Tian whistled to summon the dragon Xiao Huan, rode her, and led the way with a map in hand. He instructed, “Follow closely. Remember, we only capture women. If there are slightly older girls, they can be taken too; they can be used when they become adults. As for the men, kill those who resist. If they don’t resist, do whatever you want with them.” 
“Of course, eat them, hehe.” Gobu Kuang licked his tongue and smiled. 
As for Gobu Shan, the corners of his mouth reached his ears, “Of course, something more enjoyable than eating.” 
Soon. 
They saw small scattered houses at the foot of the distant mountain, with smoke curling up. 
The wheat in the fields was golden and ripe. 
It seemed this autumn was another harvest season. 
The residents of each household were probably eating, preparing to continue harvesting wheat after their meal. 
In the village. 
A man with a white cloth cap on his head was eating bread, with some wild vegetables and jam on the table. 
The man smiled and said, “My wife, how much wheat do you think we’ll harvest this year?” 
“You look so happy. But honestly, it should be twice as much as last year. We’ll have enough food every day, and Grew will grow up quickly.” 
Beside him, a beautiful woman said with a smile, gently touching the little boy in front of the table who was eating bread. 
Amidst the family’s laughter. 
Suddenly, there was a loud bang! 
The wooden house wall was suddenly smashed open, and the whole house shook, seemingly about to collapse. 
Gobu Kuang was the first to rush in, grinning foolishly, “Caught them, top-quality breeding tools, hehe!” 
“What kind of monster is this! Run!” 
The man’s expression changed drastically, quickly grabbing the bread knife beside him. 
But even with a weapon in hand, he felt no sense of safety. 
This small knife wouldn’t even hurt them if he stabbed a hundred times. 
Gobu Kuang grabbed the woman first, making her almost faint from fear. 
The child cried out, “Mom, let go of my mom!” 
“Grew, run!” 
The man, furious, stabbed Gobu Kuang’s thigh with the knife. 
Unfortunately, it only caused a superficial wound. 
Gobu Kuang felt a sting, angrily grabbed the man, and squeezed! 
“Crack, crack… splat!” 
The man’s bones shattered, and he spat out a mouthful of blood, dying on the spot. 
The woman cried, “Husband! Husband! Grew, run and find the village chief to save your dad!” 
When the child opened the door, he was completely stunned. 
In the village, flames raged, and a large group of goblins was slaughtering and looting. Women were being drugged and thrown into sacks like objects. 
Suddenly, Grew felt Gobu Kuang approaching from behind. 
He was so scared that he collapsed, crawling and crying, “Don’t come near, don’t come near… sob, sob.” 
“Kid, you have to eat well to grow as tall as me.” 
Gobu Kuang shoved bread into Grew’s mouth as easily as picking up a grain of rice. 
Then he walked away. 
In less than an hour, the village was almost completely looted. 
Lin Tian didn’t restrict them from killing people, as it would undermine his authority and cause them to lose themselves. 
He was no longer human but a bloodthirsty goblin who killed without hesitation. 
So, he used goblin methods to rule this tribe. 
Almost no one was left alive in the village, but some managed to escape. 
Their main goal was to capture women, not kill people. 
Lin Tian and his group walked on the road ahead, with the remnants of the village, now in flames and filled with cries, behind them. 
“Let’s go to the next one.” 
… 
In a few days, they raided almost ten villages, but the number they wanted was still far from enough. 
They had only captured about two hundred thirty women. 
“Continue advancing under Brutal’s lead. I’ll scout ahead.” 
Lin Tian said, riding the dragon to map out the villages along the way to the Great Tomb. 
After half a day, he was almost at the destination. 
Looking at the so-called “Great Tomb” – the enchanted forest, Lin Tian couldn’t help but sigh, “Is that the Great Tomb?” 
Flying high in the sky, the horizon ahead was pitch black, even with the blazing noon sun. 
That enchanted forest, spanning nearly ten thousand kilometers, was full of unknown terrifying monsters. 
However, there were no villages nearby. 
Even with a contract with the church, people didn’t dare to live too close to the Great Tomb. 
After all, some monsters were low in intelligence and wouldn’t care about any contracts. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 62: Plundering Operation 
TL: Sungmin  
The total distance covered was seven hundred kilometers. 
There were 19 villages and 2 small towns. 
In rough estimates, capturing over a thousand people was not a problem. 
With this many captives, one could not imagine how fast the breeding speed would be! 
Lin Tian immediately regrouped with the main force, “There’s a change in the route. All of you follow me; it’s a bit of a detour.” 
A detour was definitely less important than capturing breeding tools. 
At this point, they could act recklessly, without fear of threats. 
… 
Seventy miles from Lin Tian and his group was the small town of ‘Cosellaro.’ 
They had already heard news of goblins plundering along the way. 
It was the escaped villagers who came to inform them. 
The town mayor, ‘Frank,’ immediately began organizing defenses, “Gather all the adventurers and soldiers in the town; I have an announcement!” 
Soon, several hundred people gathered in the town square. 
Although this town was not as large as Bright Town, the mayor, Frank, also doubled as an adventurer. 
He encouraged everyone to improve themselves and become adventurers. 
Not only could they protect themselves, but also their families and the town. 
Thus, there were many fighters, a total of three hundred. 
“Mayor, isn’t this a bit exaggerated? I’ve heard the news; isn’t it just a group of goblins?” 
“I’ve killed enough goblins to pile up into a mountain, hahaha!” 
“Are we, the people of Cosellaro, afraid of a group of goblins?” 
“When the goblins come, we’ll kill them right at the town gate!” 
Everyone in the square joked and bantered. 
They were not afraid of goblins, as the surrounding monsters had been eradicated. 
Many had even ventured near the Great Tomb. 
Overall, their levels were around thirty, with few reaching fifty. 
There was once a seventy-plus-level diamond-grade adventurer from here. 
The town’s name originated from this adventurer. 
However, he had long since moved to a big city to further his skills, so he wouldn’t stay here. 
Seeing everyone’s confidence, Frank felt slightly relieved, “Prepare yourselves; they should be here soon.” 
Just then, the villager who had warned them rushed out, his face full of terror, “Don’t be careless! Those goblins are terrifying! They seem larger than ordinary goblins!” 
“Oh, I know, they’re just the big variant; no need to worry.” 
Below, a level 50 young man said disdainfully. 
His name was ‘Ace,’ and he was the strongest adventurer of this generation. 
Frank looked at him with satisfaction, “Good, as expected of Ace, knowing about the big variants.” 
Ace, feeling even more arrogant after this praise, said, “Just big variants; I can handle even hero variants.” 
Then. 
Frank assigned a few people to patrol around the town as sentries. 
If anything happened, they could respond immediately. 
… 
At this moment, Lin Tian’s group was still on the move. Looking at the mapped route, he said, “Ahead is a small town. Prepare the sacks! Finish quickly, then continue on!” 
A massive force of several hundred big variants advanced towards Cosellaro. 
“They’re coming! Goblins are coming!” 
A sentry on the east side of the town shouted as he ran. 
Hearing the alarm, the waiting adventurers and guards immediately gathered at a wheat field outside the town. 
The wheat had been harvested, leaving only yellow stalks and bundled straw. 
The sentry rushed past everyone, continuing to run without looking back. 
Frank was puzzled but did not ask further. 
Ace stood there with a longsword, looking extremely confident, “Guys, let’s see who kills the most goblins! The loser treats everyone to a month’s worth of drinks, how about it?” 
“Forget it, we can’t compete with you.” 
“You’re too strong for us.” 
Two people nearby said with annoyance. 
Hearing this, Ace smiled smugly, enjoying the attention, “Not fun, I might as well handle them all myself. You guys can go rest, and then…” 
Before he finished speaking. 
He sensed something was off. 
He felt the ground tremble slightly, and the source of the tremors was getting closer! 
When he looked towards the wheat field, the sight before him left everyone stunned!!! 
The first to appear was Gobu Kuang, massive in size, with muscles and four large arms that made people stop in their tracks! 
Next was Gobu Shan, covered in bone spikes. 
Then came a large group of extremely fast Gobu Tian and others. 
Their eyes couldn’t keep up with their speed! 
Finally, a three-meter-tall brute appeared! 
At that moment, everyone instinctively took a few steps back! 
They had never seen such terrifying goblins before; just looking at them made them feel unbeatable. 
“Roar!” 
Suddenly, a dragon’s roar sounded, like thunder on a clear day! 
The residents, who were accustomed to their comfortable lives, stumbled in fear, with many unable to stand firm as their legs gave way! 
This was because it was their first time seeing a dragon! 
A real, flying dragon! 
Those who had drunkenly boasted about slaying a dragon were now so scared that their legs turned to jelly, needing to lean on others to stay upright. 
“Why is there a dragon with the goblins?” 
“Damn it, run!” 
“Where is that damn sentry? He only said goblins were coming, but didn’t tell us they were these kinds of monsters!” 
The crowd turned into a pack of frightened dogs, immediately turning tail and running! 
Ace, too, was so terrified that he was shaking all over, “Wait for me!” 
He staggered as he walked, looking like he might fall at any moment. 
Lin Tian, riding the dragon, was slightly surprised, “So many people were already prepared? But it’s useless. Attack!” 
Because he didn’t see these people as a threat, he hadn’t made any advance battle plans. 
They could just charge in and sweep through. 
Being in a remote location, there were no official Imperial troops or Church members, and most adventurers were novices. 
Even if they encountered a legendary adventurer on a journey, they still had a chance to fight. 
In a word, they could act with impunity. 
The adventurers of Cosellaro Town scattered like rats, fleeing in all directions. 
They couldn’t even handle a single big variant. 
“Hmph, what a bunch of bumpkins. They seemed so imposing at first, but now they’re more pitiful than mice.” 
Lin Tian couldn’t help but sneer. 
At first, seeing so many adventurers defending the town, he thought there might be an interesting fight. 
But once inside the town, it was a one-sided massacre. 
The defenders even forgot to fight back, focusing only on escaping. 
In less than three hours, the small town was thoroughly plundered. 
Two hundred women were captured, many of them adventurers with better attributes than ordinary women. 
Ace, who had been running around in panic, was hiding under a table in a small house. 
In front of him, Gobu Shan’s cold, mocking footsteps approached, “Hide well, here I come…” 
Ace, trembling all over, saw Gobu Shan approaching and thought in terror, “Why, why are these goblins so terrifying! Are they even goblins? Can someone save me!” 
“Wow!” 
Suddenly, Gobu Shan and Ace locked eyes, a chillingly close encounter. 
However, Gobu Shan was holding Mayor Frank’s head under the table. 
Ace was so scared he nearly lost his soul, convulsing on the ground and foaming at the mouth. 
“This is no fun. Boss, we found someone who looks quite capable. What should we do with him?” 
Gobu Shan, disappointed and dragging Ace, threw him in front of Lin Tian. 
Lin Tian used the system to scan him and found he was at level fifty, but his overall combat power was only around 700. 
Far below average. 
Comparable to a big variant of the Tian Kuang Tribe. 
Lin Tian said, “You guys can eat him. Rest up and prepare to move on.” 
In the next ten days. 
They plundered most of the marked villages along the route. 
However, some villages slipped through the net. 
Forewarned and aware of their capabilities, they packed up and fled together. 
Lin Tian even rode the dragon searching for them to no avail. 
When they reached the Great Tomb, the goblins were exhausted, having captured over a thousand people! 
Not only was transportation a hassle, but finding food for them was also a chore. 
Lin Tian sighed, “It looks like our workload will increase a lot in the future. Gobu Yue, Lia, Goblin Slayer, can you three handle it?” 
Most of the tribe’s work was assigned to them. 
And also Cassandra, and now another addition, Brute, who could also take on some tasks. 
Including daily gathering, equipment crafting, material storage, maintaining order, breeding and training new goblins, patrolling, and monitoring. 
Though they didn’t personally get involved, they organized other goblins to help. 
But it was still quite troublesome. 
Gobu Yue grinned, “Boss, don’t worry, we can handle it.” 
Lia stretched, looking tired, “As long as you satisfy me once a day, no amount of work will tire me out.” 
“Alright, alright, that would be too exhausting for me.” 
Lin Tian chuckled bitterly. 
He finally understood what it meant to go from one extreme to another. 
As they stepped into the Great Tomb, the previously bustling, cool breeze, warm sunlight, birds singing, and insects chirping all disappeared. 
Everything became quiet and eerie. 
So quiet that even their own breathing sounded harsh. 
The atmosphere was so daunting that even the monsters found it scary. 
Following the brute’s guidance, they arrived at a small valley. 
Everything was unchanged from before: scattered dense huts, decaying blackened trees, scattered campfires. 
And a dim sky. 
Only the goblins of the brute’s tribe had been nearly wiped out. 
“Boss, this is my Beast King Tribe, now called the Tian Kuang Tribe.” The brute said respectfully, smiling foolishly. 
Lin Tian nodded, “Find a place to rest first. I’ll scout the terrain.” 
Then he rode the dragon, flying around the area. 
The terrain was not the main concern, but he couldn’t help but exclaim, “Wow, really? Such a small area has so many monsters? I even saw several fifth-tier ones!” 
In just about ten kilometers, he found hundreds of monsters. 
There were even seven or eight of the same tier as the dragon. 
The ‘Great Tomb’ was truly terrifying, living up to its fearsome reputation. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 63: The Sword Saintess Gives Birth, The Lion Emperor’s Wrath 
TL: Sungmin  
Lin Tian then surveyed the topography of the valley. 
It was nestled between two mountain cliffs, essentially at the base of a precipice. The concealment was indeed quite good. 
The valley’s area was relatively large, about one kilometer wide and approximately three kilometers long to the end of the mountains. 
It could easily accommodate a hundred thousand goblins. 
Furthermore, high cliffs on either side acted as natural safety walls, requiring only the front and back to be guarded. 
After planning out various areas, Lin Tian began to organize. 
Thousands of breeding tools were arranged in three batches within some crevice areas of the valley. 
These crevice areas were also vast, providing shelter from the wind and rain, while being hidden and safe. 
Then, he divided the living area, materials area, rest area, and so on, each clearly marked and notified. 
The rest. 
He left it to them to frantically reproduce. 
… 
Time flew by, and a month quickly passed. 
The events at Bright Town had spread nationwide, and Lin Tian’s raids on villages and towns along the way were well known. 
The news even reached other empires. 
This caused the Lionheart Emperor to lose all face. 
For such a large empire to be thrown into chaos by a goblin was indeed a disgrace. 
In the largest cathedral in the capital, also the headquarters of the Lionheart Empire’s Holy Church. 
It occupied a considerable area, with the central cathedral built entirely of white jade. A tall, sacred golden cross stood within, incredibly magnificent. 
Today was a very special day, and even the Lionheart Emperor, despite being troubled by the goblin situation, had to come personally. 
A middle-aged man in bronze-gold armor, draped in a red cloak, quickly walked toward the center of the cathedral. 
His face was sharply defined, with a bit of stubble and scars, his eyes fierce like a lion’s. 
No one dared to look directly at him. 
The golden, radiant crown on his head symbolized one thing. 
This nation, established amid a century of war and smoke. 
Their Lionheart Emperor, ‘Charles II.’ 
As he approached the cathedral, he found it surrounded by many people. 
They were nuns, monks, and Holy Guards. 
All were holding a cross, softly reciting the Bible, seemingly praying for someone. 
Seeing this, Charles II did not interrupt but waited until someone finished reciting before asking, “How is Alice?” 
To the church, even a monarch showed great respect. 
The monk’s face was grave, “She started giving birth ten minutes ago, she should be about to deliver.” 
He was talking about the Sword Saintess, Alicenia. 
After being taken away last time, she had been resting in the church, but unfortunately, she could not escape the fate of being seeded. 
Hearing this, Charles II’s teeth almost shattered from clenching. 
His whole body trembled, his fists cracking loudly! 
“Gob… lin!” 
Charles II spat out each word with hatred, his terrifying aura scaring everyone around. 
To Alicenia, Charles II was like a father. 
He also regarded Alicenia as his daughter. 
Now, her husband had become a goblin, and a forced one at that—who could tolerate this? 
Inside the tall white jade cathedral. 
A group of nuns and the current Holy Mother were busy. 
Under the statue of Jesus, a pale figure lay on the carpet. 
It was Alicenia, groaning in pain, drenched in sweat, her golden hair soaked, “It hurts, why does it hurt so much!” 
“Child, this is your first childbirth, it will definitely hurt, keep going.” 
The Holy Mother spoke gently, her eyes full of sympathy, almost in tears. 
Although the name Holy Mother sounded old, she looked only around thirty. 
Wearing a white robe with golden trim, she appeared pure and flawless, yet her full figure added a hint of seduction. 
Her gentle eyes made people want to lie in her arms and sleep peacefully. 
The Holy Mother was the highest authority over all nuns, second only to the Pope. 
She had a high status and was respected by many. 
At this moment, Alicenia felt she was about to faint from the pain, but in the last second, she felt something coming out. 
In that instant, she collapsed on the spot, panting heavily. 
Not only because it was her first childbirth, but also because her first time was with Lin Tian. 
Not having been stimulated multiple times, she was not spacious enough. 
When the sticky, green-skinned goblin was born, the nuns covered their mouths. 
They were so frightened they stepped back several paces. 
They could not believe this was the child of the Sword Saintess. 
Seeing this, the Holy Mother steeled her heart, intending to take the goblin away. 
“Slap!” 
Suddenly, she felt a tremendous force on her wrist. The exhausted Sword Saintess grabbed her hand, and coldly said, “Don’t touch him…” 
The Holy Mother was not frightened by the goblin, but by the Sword Saintess’s current state, feeling the killing intent in her eyes! 
They quickly and tactfully stepped back. 
The small goblin chirped and, unable to speak yet, managed to utter the sound ‘mama’ after a while. 
It even struggled to crawl towards the chest of the Sword Saintess. 
Alicenia slowly sat up, staring blankly at the tiny monster she had given birth to. 
The goblin infant, with its mouth full of sharp teeth, latched onto the feeding spot and began to suckle. 
However, Alicenia, experiencing breastfeeding for the first time, felt a sharp pain. She quickly retreated a few steps, panic-stricken, and asked, “What is he doing?” 
“This little one seems hungry. Imagine that, just born and already able to talk, and it knows where to find milk…”  
The Holy Mother spoke with a face full of lingering fear. 
Such a creature was truly inhuman. 
Hearing this, Alicenia cautiously held the baby in her hands, and despite her embarrassment, placed it on her chest. 
Watching this strange scene, one she had never experienced or understood, she was stunned for a long time. 
Suddenly, she let out a silly laugh, “Look at this little guy, he must be starving…” 
Seeing her reaction, the nuns were at a loss, feeling inexplicably sympathetic and pitiful. 
The Holy Mother took out a robe and draped it over Alicenia. 
Then she walked outside. 
Seeing her come out, Charles II hurriedly approached and asked, “How is she? Is she alright?” 
“Your Majesty, she has given birth safely, but… you should see for yourself.” 
The Holy Mother was momentarily at a loss for words. 
She had originally planned to take the goblin infant away while the Sword Saintess was weak and have someone else deal with it. 
Unexpectedly, Alicenia still had strength left. 
Charles II rushed inside, and when his concerned gaze fell upon the scene of the Sword Saintess breastfeeding. 
He stood there as if struck by lightning. 
Stunned in place, he did not recover for a long time. 
Various emotions flickered in his eyes as he feigned calmness and said, “Alicenia, may I see your… child?” 
“Your Majesty… he is still nursing. You can just look.” 
Alicenia did not look at the Lionheart Emperor; her eyes remained fixed on the goblin. 
Seeing her like this, Charles II felt he was on the verge of collapse! 
The Sword Saintess, the holy sword that protected the empire, not only gave birth to a goblin but also treated the goblin as her beloved child! 
He had imagined several possibilities. 
First, after giving birth, Alicenia would decisively kill the child. 
Second, she might avoid it, letting someone take the goblin infant away. 
Third, she would be terrified. 
But he had never thought she would treat the goblin as her child. 
Finally, Charles II could no longer endure it, his face darkened. “Give me that goblin infant… This is an order from the Emperor!” 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 64: The Monster Lord, the Cannibal Eagle! 
TL: Sungmin  
He couldn’t accept that the dignified Sword Saintess was raising a goblin as a child. 
It wasn’t just him; the church, the nobles, and the entire empire couldn’t accept it either. 
However, this time, Alicenia didn’t obey any imperial decree and completely ignored Charles II. 
This attitude made Charles II both angry and helpless. “Alice, my child, I watched you grow up. I personally bestowed the Holy Sword upon you. I am still the king of this country. Do you not even listen to me anymore?” 
“Your Majesty, Alice would never dare to disobey your orders, but this is the will of God.” 
Alicenia gently stroked the goblin cub in her arms, which was sleeping soundly after eating its fill. 
In the cultural dominance of a medieval background, power was absolute. No one dared to challenge imperial authority. 
But there was one power that was even more deeply rooted in people’s hearts than imperial authority: divine power. 
The supreme divine power. 
So even the Lionheart Emperor had to show great respect to the church. 
Hearing this, Charles II was initially stunned and looked in surprise at the Holy Mother standing at the door, silently asking for an explanation. 
The Holy Mother squinted her eyes and shook her head helplessly, indicating that she also didn’t know what divine will Alice was referring to. 
Charles II hurriedly asked, “Alice, what is the will of God?” 
After a long silence, Alicenia finally said, “That is, to accept his punishment, so I can regain the power of God.” 
“What… what are you saying? You have tirelessly fought for the people of the empire, God would not punish you,” Charles II said in astonishment. 
Alicenia seemed to be recalling something painful. “I… I did something that angered God. My holy power has been stripped away. Only by accepting the punishment will God forgive me.” 
The punishment she spoke of was this goblin cub. 
That was why she did not reject it but accepted it gladly. 
Hearing this, Charles II felt bewildered and curiously asked, “What exactly happened? Tell me.” 
“I killed many soldiers… and failed to avenge them, so God stripped me of my power and sent down this punishment,” Alicenia said with a look of pain and seriousness. 
God was inherently abstract, and the specifics of divine will varied from person to person. It was normal for the Sword Saintess to believe this was divine punishment. 
At that moment, Charles II almost wanted to shout that God didn’t exist. He quickly looked at the Holy Mother and signaled to her. 
The Holy Mother, somewhat at a loss, thought for a moment and said, “Alice, this is not divine punishment; it is merely a failure. Pull yourself together.” 
“That’s right, pull yourself together! I will have Duke Klein lead troops to exterminate the goblins and avenge you…” Charles II echoed. 
The recent events involving the goblins had become increasingly serious, forcing him to personally order the troops to quell the disturbance. 
Otherwise, internal unrest would precede external pressures, making the Lionheart Empire unable to lift its head. 
Who could have imagined that a group of goblins could cause such a commotion? 
At this moment, Alicenia said again, “You don’t understand, none of you understand. I am no longer the Sword Saintess. I am just a tragic woman, Alicenia, who gave birth to a goblin. Get out, all of you, get out!” 
The reason she firmly believed this was divine punishment was all because Lin Tian’s Blood of Ruin suppressed her holy powers. It would naturally recover after ten days or so. 
Seeing her so agitated, Charles II and the others left the church first. 
“Your Majesty, Alice is not very rational right now. I think it’s best not to push her. Once she believes the punishment is over, she will regain her strength,” the Holy Mother softly suggested. 
Charles II sighed, “In my life, it was the first time I yelled at her like I did just now. Yet it was useless. What more can I do? During this time, I will trouble you to take care of that girl. You know how things are on my end.” 
Because of a goblin issue, thousands of people had come to the palace seeking help. 
Prepared for danger in times of peace, many villagers were living in constant fear. 
He hoped the situation could be resolved soon. 
Then, Charles II returned to the palace sanctuary, seated high on the throne, exuding lion-like majesty and solemnity. 
He sent for Duke Klein. 
Before long, the sound of knights’ armor clashing could be heard outside the hall. 
A red-haired young man in dazzling silver armor slowly walked in, appearing to be in his early twenties. 
His striking features carried a hint of charm even in their masculinity. 
Both beautiful and handsome. 
Despite his young age, he had become a duke, not through connections but through his strength. 
In the younger generation of the imperial family, his strength was second only to Alicenia’s. 
Moreover, he was Austin’s grandson. 
Charles II looked at him with satisfaction and asked, “Klein, do you know why I called you here?” 
“Your Majesty, I will quell the goblin chaos, avenge Alice, my grandfather, and those fallen citizens of the empire.” 
Klein knelt on one knee, speaking resolutely. 
There was even a trace of gritted-teeth hatred on his face. 
This was because he had grown up under Alice’s influence, basking in her brilliant and magnificent light. 
To him, Alice was like a life mentor and an aspirational goal. 
But now, his beloved was defiled by a goblin, and his grandfather was dead. How could he not be furious? 
Charles II continued, “Very well, then let me ask you, are you afraid of the Great Tomb?” 
According to the intelligence, Lin Tian and his group had already entered the Great Tomb. 
“Even if faced with those inside the Great Tomb, I fear nothing!” 
Klein declared firmly, his voice ringing out. 
Charles II couldn’t help but smile in satisfaction. “Good! I will give you ten thousand elite soldiers and twelve Holy Guards to accompany you! Even if you have to storm the Great Tomb, you must flatten that goblin tribe!” 
Hearing this, Klein was still a bit surprised. 
He was given ten thousand elite soldiers! Even the church people were going along. 
Immediately, he regained his composure. “I will not fail my mission!” 
… 
Tian Kuang Tribe. 
Lin Tian had already arranged all the large and small affairs properly. 
Moreover, the breeding of the first month had reached the time of delivery. 
Faced with so many people giving birth for the first time, Lin Tian had to participate personally. “Lia, have all the elves help with the deliveries.” 
The tribe was bustling with activity. 
The moans of the women echoed throughout the valley, attracting the covetous eyes of many monsters. 
On one hand, they had to help with the deliveries, and on the other hand, they had to guard both sides of the valley to prevent monsters from intruding. 
At this moment, Brutal, looking anxious, ran over. “Boss, we can’t hold them off in front. Why don’t you go take a look?” 
Lin Tian frowned; even he seemed frightened. 
He hurriedly rode his dragon to check it out. 
What he saw made him stunned! 
Outside the walls built at the mouth of the valley, there were dense, black masses everywhere! 
A system scan revealed: [Bloodthirsty Ghost], [Corpse Tiger], [Black Scale Horned Python], [Ghost-eyed Blood Spider]… 
There were several sixth-tier monsters gathered! 
As for the fifth-tier monsters, there were dozens or even hundreds! 
The situation at the rear was not much better; Gobu Kuang and the others couldn’t suppress them at all. 
Fortunately, the batch of muskets made by Lin Tian could hold them off; otherwise, they would have been overrun. 
“Damn it, I’ve scouted the surrounding ten kilometers, where did all these monsters come from? Damn it!” 
Lin Tian had calculated everything but missed this step. 
He had been so cautious for so long, only to fall short here. 
He had been careless. 
He thought that under the protection of the Great Tomb, he could do as he pleased. 
If he hadn’t been so busy these days, personally guiding the construction of the valley walls, the granary, the shelter, and the defense works, he would have used the Life Simulation System directly. 
With things as they were, Lin Tian had no choice but to say, “All goblins, leave via the cliffs. Leave the breeding tools; we’ll capture more later!” 
They were just consumables. 
If they died, so be it. He could spend another ten days or half a month capturing more outside. 
But just then, Lin Tian suddenly looked up and noticed a black figure—a birdman! 
Its eyes glowed blood-red in the dim light. 
It was staring intently at him. 
Its wings were full and beautiful, looking about the same size as a human, with a bird’s head and a human body covered in black feathers that were hard to see in the dark. 
Its feet had sharp claws that could easily crush a human skull. 
[Cannibal Eagle: Lv90<br/>
Race: Cannibal Eagle · Demi-human<br/>
Profession: None<br/>
Title: Black Meteor, Monster Lord, Sky Overlord…<br/>
Health: 2700<br/>
Strength: 880<br/>
Defense: 730<br/>
Skills: Meteor Flash, Storm Feather, Skyfall, Call…<br/>
Equipment: None<br/>
Overall: 4000] 
Seeing its attribute panel, Lin Tian suddenly understood that this guy was the Monster Lord of this region! 
He remembered Brutal mentioning this before. 
The Cannibal Eagle looked at Lin Tian curiously and said incredulously, “A small goblin… can actually ride a dragon?” 
Those eyes stared so intensely that they gave Lin Tian goosebumps. 
The Cannibal Eagle then asked suspiciously, “Are you the leader of this tribe?” 
“Yes, Lord,” Lin Tian replied. “Lord, can you help disperse these gathered monsters?” 
There was still a chance to save the situation. With one order from the Lord, all the monsters could be driven away. 
However, the Cannibal Eagle tilted its head, coldly asking, “Why should I help you?” 
“I can offer you ten humans.” 
Lin Tian gritted his teeth. Anyway, it was just ten; exchanging ten for more than a thousand was worth it. 
The Cannibal Eagle squinted its eyes, pondered for a moment, and then flew high into the sky. 
It took a deep breath! 
A sharp screech emitted from its beak! 
Hearing this soul-shaking eagle cry, the gathered monsters scattered like they had seen a ghost! 
They hid like frightened chicks. 
Lin Tian covered his ears; the sound was too harsh. But seeing the horde of monsters disperse, he finally felt relieved. 
“The scent of humans will attract all the monsters within a hundred miles. Is this your first time in the Great Tomb?” The Cannibal Eagle flew back and asked. 
Lin Tian understood now. No wonder humans were so averse and fearful of the Great Tomb. 
It all made sense now. 
Humans giving birth would sweat profusely, emitting a strong scent that goblin smells couldn’t cover. 
Normally, it was fine. 
Lin Tian replied awkwardly, “I understand. Thank you, Lord. Let’s go, I will fulfill my promise.” 
Hearing this, the Cannibal Eagle smiled slightly. 
It followed him into the valley. 
Brutal was extremely grateful and, seeing the Cannibal Eagle, quickly knelt. “Lord!” 
However, the Cannibal Eagle paid him no mind and was very interested in those ten people. 
But when it saw the over a thousand people, it was utterly stunned! 
“You! Why do you have so many humans here? Are they all breeding tools for you goblins???” 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 65: The Arrival of the Army! Great Battle! 
TL: Sungmin  
He was the lord of the enchanted forest to the east. 
He had never eaten so many people in his life. 
Just a mere goblin tribe, and yet there were so many! 
“Don’t you understand the contract between the Great Tomb and the Church? Do you want to die?” 
The Cannibal Eagle snapped out of his shock and spoke sternly. 
Lin Tian found a few who were near death due to difficult labor and gave them to him. “Don’t worry, we captured these before we came here.” 
Hearing this, the Cannibal Eagle hesitated for a long time but eventually chose to accept. 
He was too tempted. 
But he also feared causing trouble. 
In ten seconds, he swallowed a human whole. 
After almost being full, he said, “Very good. Do you have a name?” 
“Lin Tian.” 
“Good, if you have any problems in the future, come to me anytime. I will ensure your safety and that you can develop steadily here.” 
The Cannibal Eagle had someone bring a sack to pack the rest. 
Lin Tian raised his eyebrows slightly, somewhat surprised. “Thank you for your concern, Lord. If you want more, I can offer you a few more humans.” 
“Hahaha! Then I won’t be polite! I will first report the situation to the other lords!” 
Immediately, the Cannibal Eagle took off, transforming into a black meteor and disappearing. 
Lin Tian let out a long sigh of relief. 
Now they could finally develop without worry. 
Everyone else wiped off their cold sweat, relieved after a false alarm. 
Looking at the newborn goblin infants, Lin Tian asked, “Gobu Yue, have you counted how many there are?” 
“Three thousand. During the second birth, there should be more, but none of the ten mutant and overlord variant offspring survived,” Gobu Yue replied while writing on a wooden board. 
Lin Tian had previously piqued her curiosity with human writing while mapping routes. 
So he taught her some basics. 
Unexpectedly, she had an extraordinary talent for learning and picked it up quickly. 
Hearing this, Lin Tian felt a bit regretful. “It seems that mutant and overlord variants are almost impossible to produce more of.” 
But it was enough for now. Next, they would capture some animals and monsters to breed more low-level goblins. 
Although they were cannon fodder, a large number of them could still overwhelm the enemy. 
“System, activate Life Simulation.” 
Lin Tian said, capturing those creatures wouldn’t require personal experience. 
Simulating directly would be faster. 
[Life Simulation System is starting, current scenario: First entry into the Great Tomb 
After enduring countless hardships, you finally settled down and could develop for a long time. 
Now you need to breed a large number of low-level goblins to expand your strength. So, you led your army into the enchanted forest to capture more. 
On the first day, you encountered many fourth and fifth-tier monsters, killed them all, and took them back as food for the new generation of goblins. 
After several days, you captured five hundred first-tier monsters, ‘Carnivorous Rabbits’ and ‘Crying Face Monkeys’. 
On the way back, you encountered a seventh-tier monster, the Thunder Mane Bear, with a strength of three thousand. 
Since it was a female, you didn’t kill it but captured it to improve the tribe’s quality. 
Tasting success, you captured several more seventh-tier monsters, imprisoning them as breeding tools. 
This greatly improved the overall quality of the tribe. 
In a month, the breeding tools for low-level goblins captured a total of three thousand, which was enough. 
Just as you were immersed in the joy of rapid development, the tribe was unexpectedly attacked by humans. 
Option 1: Face them head-on, not fearing them in your home ground. Rating: 30 
Option 2: Hold your ground. Rating: 20 
Option 3: Negotiate to find out their intentions. Rating: 0] 
“Human attack?” 
Seeing this, Lin Tian was full of questions. 
Wasn’t this the Great Tomb? How could humans dare to come here? 
The rating wasn’t important to Lin Tian; he needed to understand their intentions. 
So, he chose Option 3. 
[They didn’t respond. By the time you realized it, soldiers were descending from the cliffs and began a massacre in the tribe. 
Several Holy Guards appeared at the front and back, encircling you. 
After a fierce battle, you escaped with a few people, suffering a crushing defeat.] 
Seeing this, Lin Tian immediately understood. 
The Lionheart Empire’s people and those church Holy Guards they encountered before. 
Even daring to enter the Great Tomb, it seemed they were desperate. 
Lin Tian immediately interrupted the Life Simulation to think of a way to respond before they arrived. 
[Summary: When a lion is angry, make sure it can’t bite you. 
Rating: 10 points (out of 100) 
Reward: Life Points x10 
This Life Simulation is complete, the time span was one month.] 
“Brutal, do you know where the lord lives?” 
After returning, Lin Tian quickly asked. 
The last time, that guy left in a hurry without telling him how to find him. 
Hearing this, Brutal thought for a moment. “Just in the highest forested area around here. He and his tribe live there.” 
Lin Tian acknowledged with a nod, having figured out a solution in his mind. 
As long as he summoned that guy, the people from the Lionheart Empire and the Church wouldn’t dare to do anything to him. 
Now, he could continue to develop his strength with peace of mind. 
In the future, he definitely needed to eliminate the thorn that was the Lionheart Empire, and the Holy Church as well. 
Otherwise, he couldn’t consider himself truly safe. 
A month quickly passed, arriving at the day of the Empire and Church’s ambush. 
Lin Tian had already found the Cannibal Eagle and informed him of the situation in advance. 
“How do you know? They couldn’t possibly dare to come. The Great Tomb has a contract with the Church,” the Cannibal Eagle said in disbelief. 
Lin Tian didn’t know how to explain, so he simply said, “When I was outside, I saw their army approaching. Considering what happened before I came here, they must be coming to attack me.” 
Hearing this, the Cannibal Eagle understood. “I see. Don’t worry, I won’t let humans run wild in the Great Tomb. Not just me, the others in the Great Tomb won’t allow it either. 
Let me report this, then I’ll come to find you.” 
“Thank you, Lord,” Lin Tian said gratefully before returning to the Tian Kuang Tribe to wait. 
Time ticked by slowly. 
Gobu Tian, who was scouting outside, returned and pointed to the top of the valley. “There are humans sneaking up there, boss. Should we take them out?” 
“Don’t rush. What about the army outside?” Lin Tian was more concerned about that. 
Gobu Tian replied, “They’re still about twenty kilometers away, stationed at the edge of the Great Tomb.” 
Lin Tian acknowledged this and rode up to look at the top of the valley. 
Sure enough, there were a few blurry figures on the cliff, secretly watching them. 
On the steep cliff, an imperial scout in stealth clothing exclaimed, “Damn, didn’t the report say this tribe had at most a few hundred goblins? Why do I see thousands?” 
“After kidnapping so many village women, what do you think? It’s infuriating!” another man said through gritted teeth. 
The man in stealth clothing scanned the area, and when he saw the seventh-tier monsters imprisoned with their rear ends facing out, he was stunned! 
He couldn’t help but ask, “Why are there so many high-tier monkeys?” 
“They’re not monkeys! Do you see? Seventh-tier monsters like the Thunder Mane Bear, Devil Stag, and Corpse Python—all not to be trifled with!” 
The other man explained, increasingly shocked as he watched. 
A mere goblin tribe had imprisoned so many seventh-tier monsters! Seventh-tier monsters could destroy a small town. 
But the man in stealth clothing was still puzzled. “Isn’t it only monkeys whose butts turn red? This…damn! It can’t be!” 
As he wondered, he seemed to realize something. 
These seventh-tier monsters, each feared outside… 
Had become breeding tools for the goblins! 
The other man also realized this, even more shocked. “No wonder the Sword Saintess fell victim! We need to report back immediately. It’s too dangerous here!” 
Just as the two were about to climb up and escape by another route. 
They turned and found themselves face-to-face with Gobu Tian and a group of hero-variant Dark Goblins, coldly watching them from the cliff like spiders. 
The man in stealth clothing was so scared he slipped, screaming as he fell, “Aaaah!” 
“Splat!” 
He was shattered to pieces! 
Gobu Kuang, who was daydreaming, was overjoyed. “Boss, it’s raining meat! Hahaha!” 
He quickly picked up the pieces and stuffed them into his mouth. 
The meat rain left Lin Tian speechless. “Eat as much as you want. You’re almost evolving into a leader variant.” 
Currently, he was only fifth-tier, and the leader variant was sixth-tier, with the overlord variant being seventh-tier. 
However, if he evolved to sixth-tier, his strength could even crush some seventh-tier beings. 
Recently, every goblin in the tribe had enjoyed an unprecedented number of new breeding tools. 
The group of seventh-tier monsters with red rears was proof. 
By this time, Gobu Tian had already captured the other Imperial scout and climbed back down. “All taken care of, boss.” 
“Good, this will make them hesitate to attack recklessly,” Lin Tian said. 
As long as the enemy didn’t launch a mindless all-out attack, they could hold their ground and wait for the Cannibal Eagle to arrive. 
Outside the Great Tomb. 
A well-equipped Imperial army stood ready. 
The dense crowd spread out massively. 
This time, the Lionheart Emperor had deployed over ten thousand elite soldiers with a clear purpose: to wipe out Lin Tian and his tribe. 
The army’s imposing presence forced the monsters on the edge of the Great Tomb to flee wildly. 
Klein stood at the front of the army, pacing back and forth on his carnivorous horse. 
Waiting for the scouts’ report. 
Unable to hold back, he spoke, “Warriors! Today, we must prepare to not return until we’ve exterminated those goblins! Are you ready to enter the Great Tomb?” 
“Yes!!!” 
The ten-thousand-strong shout was deafening! 
Only then did Klein feel at ease, his eyes burning with anger. 
Ten Holy Guards stood solemnly at the edge of the Great Tomb. In front of them, sunlight shone in a range of over ten meters! 
This was the first time the perpetually dark Great Tomb had seen light. 
Unfortunately. 
After waiting for three hours, the scouts didn’t return. 
Klein grew restless, his longsword craving the blood of revenge. 
At that moment, a shadow flashed across the sky. 
It was Lin Tian riding a dragon, arriving before the army. 
Klein’s intelligence indicated that a goblin leader was dragon-riding. 
He immediately shouted, “You up there, are you the goblin leader who destroyed dozens of our villages?” 
Seeing the army, Lin Tian felt some pressure. 
He hadn’t expected the Lionheart Empire to be so serious, deploying over ten thousand elite soldiers. 
However, he wasn’t afraid. 
He countered, “Have you forgotten the contract between the Church and the Great Tomb? Are you provoking us?” 
“You’re just rats hiding in the Great Tomb. Killing you doesn’t require worrying about the contract!” Klein angrily replied. 
With a “shhhk,” he drew his longsword, pointing it directly at Lin Tian. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 66: Draw Your Sword, Alice 
TL: Sungmin  
“Do you see the tens of thousands of lions behind me? I won’t give you a chance. I will come in and crush your bones! For my grandfather and Alice!!!” 
Klein gritted his teeth, ready to give the order to start the battle at any moment. 
Upon hearing this, Lin Tian got excited. “Oh? So that’s how it is. Let me secretly tell you, the taste of the Sword Saintess was very… smooth…” 
“You! Shut up!!” 
Klein was so enraged by these words that he almost couldn’t catch his breath. 
Even the soldiers behind him were infuriated. 
The Sword Saintess was a respected figure throughout the entire empire. 
No one could tolerate her being desecrated, but now, she had been directly defiled. 
Lin Tian laughed heartily, “What, you want me to shut this mouth that has tasted those sweet lips? The taste is even sweeter than honey.” 
“You! You!” 
Klein’s eyes were bloodshot and fierce. “Your Highness, let’s charge in directly! I want to grind his bones to dust right now!” 
“Grind my bones to dust? I think you want to hear about other places of the Sword Saintess. Let me secretly tell you… even sweeter!” Lin Tian added another stab. 
Originally, he had just wanted to come over and take a look at the situation, as the dense forest below made it impossible for the dragon to hide. 
He had no choice but to expose himself. 
Encountering this guy, he decided to taunt and provoke him. 
Lin Tian felt it was boring and had only said a few words before Klein lost his temper. “Oh, look, he’s angry, he’s angry.” 
The veins on Klein’s forehead bulged, his previously elegant noble demeanor completely gone. “Your Highness!” 
“Wait, Duke. The scouts haven’t returned yet. Rushing into the Great Tomb recklessly is dangerous.” One of the Holy Guards said gravely. 
Only they had personally experienced the horrors of the Great Tomb. 
A young man like Klein wouldn’t know, and now he was losing his temper, nearly losing his mind. 
“Scouts?” 
Lin Tian was slightly stunned and threw down the head of the scout from earlier. 
It rolled to the hooves of Klein’s warhorse. 
Seeing this scene, Klein couldn’t hold back any longer and shouted, “All troops, heed my command! Charge in! Slaughter all the monsters!” 
The massive army seemed to be activated and started to move! 
The orderly steps were like the countdown to the enemy’s death, ticking away bit by bit. 
“Hahaha! Are you scared? Are you afraid! This is the consequence of angering the lions! I will crush your bones!” Klein laughed arrogantly. 
He rode his warhorse, ready to charge directly into the enchanted forest. 
But when he shifted his gaze from Lin Tian to the forest ahead, his whole body froze! 
Goosebumps rose on his back! 
In the dim forest, a pair of eerie, blood-red eyes stared at him, sending chills down his spine! 
The Holy Guards, who had been silently reciting the Bible, suddenly sensed an extreme threat and picked up their weapons! 
Out of the forest, a Cannibal Eagle slowly emerged. 
Klein, looking at it, unknowingly broke out in cold sweat. His warrior’s instinct told him this creature was not to be trifled with! 
Its appearance was like a guillotine hanging over everyone’s heads. 
Ready to fall at any moment, meaning it could kill anyone at any time! 
The Cannibal Eagle ignored Klein and looked at the Holy Guards. “Church, long time no see. Have you forgotten the pact you made?” 
“It’s the Cannibal Eagle, everyone be careful!” One of the Holy Guards said. 
The leader of these Holy Guards, the Guardian of the Sanctuary, spoke, “Cannibal Eagle, this is the Pope’s order. You have no right to negotiate with us. 
Those goblins committed unforgivable crimes and just entered the Great Tomb. We have the right to go in and exterminate them.” 
As he spoke, he raised his massive sword and pointed it at the Great Tomb! 
Imposing and majestic! 
But the Cannibal Eagle showed no fear. “Hahaha! Is that old man still alive? Your arrogance won’t last long. When that old man finally dies of old age, I’ll personally crush your skull!” 
Humans could only live for a hundred years. 
But most monsters could live for hundreds of years, and some, like the undead, could even achieve immortality. 
The strongest in the Great Tomb happened to be one of the undead. 
So they could outlast the Pope no matter what. 
“You don’t need to worry about the future. I will say this one last time: I am here by the Pope’s order to exterminate the goblins. If you dare to stop us, you will die!” 
The Sanctuary Guardian’s cold and resolute aura instantly snapped Klein and the others out of their shock. 
Upon hearing this, Klein shouted again, “All troops, heed my command, continue advancing!!!” 
“Boom! Boom! Boom!” 
The army marched forward! Unstoppable! 
The Cannibal Eagle fell silent for a moment, then slowly flew up and said, “It seems you think the Great Tomb is a place you can enter and leave as you please…!” 
Immediately, a piercing screech echoed! 
The forest began to stir! 
“Crack! Crack!” 
The sound of trees snapping and falling echoed continuously! Pairs of blood-red eyes opened in the dim forest! 
Dense and numerous, they formed an impenetrable wall! 
Moreover, dozens of Cannibal Eagles also flew up from the forest, and it wasn’t just Cannibal Eagles. 
The Feathered Serpent tribe, a type of subhuman species, also appeared. 
With the body of a snake and the wings of a bird, their overall strength was around the seventh tier. 
There was once even a Feathered Serpent God who reached the twelfth tier! 
In the forest, more and more eyes gathered, and the continuous low growls of terrifying beasts instilled fear in people. 
The advancing army, upon seeing the dense mass of crimson eyes ahead, was too frightened to move forward. 
At this moment, Lin Tian noticed that many monsters were gathering in the forest. 
There were the Tiger Clan, Goblins, the Undead, and many more. 
Even many low-intelligence monsters had come under the skill call of the Cannibal Eagle. 
Hundred-Legged Centipedes, Razor Mantises, Spore Monsters, Rock Giants… 
Nearly twenty seventh-tier monsters! 
In total, there were thousands of monsters here! 
The overwhelming pressure paralyzed the tens of thousands of Imperial soldiers, making them too afraid to advance! 
Klein swallowed hard, and after calming down, he raised his sword again, gritting his teeth, preparing to shout the charge order once more. 
However, the Sanctuary Guardian spoke first, “So, the Great Tomb has decided to shelter those goblins?” 
“You can think of it that way.” The Cannibal Eagle said contemptuously. 
Upon hearing this, the Sanctuary Guardian was silent for a moment, then turned, “Duke, withdraw the troops.” 
“Your Highness, did I hear wrong? Withdraw? The lions of the Empire would rather die in battle than become deserters! I want to kill that guy!” Klein said, unwilling to give up. 
The Sanctuary Guardian suddenly looked at him, “This is not retreating, but preparing for a bigger battle…” 
Through the gap in the helmet, Klein saw those eyes emitting a faint golden light. 
The shocking gaze made him calm down instantly. 
As if he understood something. 
Klein turned and shouted to the soldiers, “All troops, retreat! Remember, the lions are not running away, but preparing to return!” 
On the way back, Klein couldn’t help but ask, “The Great Tomb is willing to go to war with us and the Church just to shelter that guy?” 
“No, the Great Tomb is no longer afraid of the Church…” 
The Sanctuary Guardian walked a few steps ahead, saying nothing more. 
Watching them leave, Lin Tian was truly moved, “Lord, isn’t this a bit much, going to such lengths for me?” 
The Cannibal Eagle smiled indifferently, gesturing for everyone to disperse. 
Then he looked at Lin Tian, “You know, this isn’t just for you. It’s to use your situation to tell those Church guys that our Great Tomb no longer fears them.” 
“I see.” 
Lin Tian somewhat understood, but overall, it seemed the Cannibal Eagle was a trustworthy guy. 
Just as he was about to leave, the Cannibal Eagle added, “By the way, develop your tribe as quickly as possible. There’s someone very important in the Great Tomb who thinks highly of you. They asked me to tell you that if you can become the Goblin King, you will qualify to enter the true Great Tomb.” 
Upon hearing this. 
Lin Tian didn’t think there was anything particularly extraordinary about the Great Tomb. 
However, seeing the longing in the Cannibal Eagle’s eyes, it seemed there might really be something good inside. 
But for now, he had finally secured a truly safe golden period for development. 
In at most a year, he could build an army strong enough to confront the Empire! 
“The Great Tomb, indeed, has very rich resources…” 
Lin Tian said, riding the dragon back to the Tian Kuang Tribe. 
He needed to make the most of these resources to develop as quickly as possible. 
… 
Lionheart Empire, Imperial City. 
The time was the fifth day after Klein had left with his troops. 
Charles II was already busy to the point of exhaustion. “Enough already! The goblin issue hasn’t been resolved, and now there’s another mess!” 
Upon hearing this, the many ministers who had come down from the Sanctuary to discuss matters with him forced a smile and hurriedly withdrew. 
Charles II sighed continuously. 
He sat for a long time before finally getting up and heading towards the church. 
Looking through the window at the Sword Saintess inside, his eyes were full of sorrow and helplessness. 
At this moment, the Holy Mother noticed him and whispered, “Your Majesty, you are…” 
“You know the current situation. What do you think I should do?” Charles II asked helplessly. 
The Holy Mother was silent for a moment before finally deciding, “It depends on your own thoughts, Your Majesty. One side is the people, and the other is her.” 
The news that the Sword Saintess had given birth to a goblin had already spread throughout the imperial city. 
The residents were staging large-scale protests, demanding the execution of that goblin. 
Especially those villagers from out of town who had been plundered by goblins, they hated them to the core. 
Having nowhere to vent their anger, this was now the best place. 
“Kill the goblin! Nobles must set an example!” 
“The human territory cannot tolerate a goblin living!” 
“Kill it! Avenge my child! It must be killed!!!” 
“If you don’t kill it, we won’t rest for a day!” 
On the streets, outside the church. 
Countless residents gathered, expressing their hatred for goblins. 
With internal and external troubles, the Lionheart Emperor hadn’t slept for days. 
In the church. 
Finally, Charles II walked in, calmly saying, “Alice, are you feeling better lately?” 
“Your Majesty? I’m not sick, why do you ask that?” Alicenia asked, puzzled. 
She was rocking a wooden horse, upon which sat the goblin she had given birth to. 
In a few days, it had already grown to the size of a baby. 
Looking at that evil face, drooling, and frantically shaking the wooden horse, making a ‘crack crack’ sound, Charles II’s face darkened instantly. 
A naturally evil monster, the wooden horse was originally a toy for children. 
In its hands, it was violently dismantled. 
There were already two broken wooden horses piled beside it. 
He then coldly asked, “Alice, have you heard the noise outside these days?” 
“Yes, I have.” Alicenia said indifferently. 
Charles II’s expression suddenly became serious, “Then what do you think?” 
However, Alicenia didn’t care at all. “I don’t care about them. I am now just an ordinary person, no longer the Sword Saintess.” 
Hearing this. 
Charles II seemed struck by lightning. 
He finally made that decision. 
“To think you’ve changed because of a goblin. I should have nipped this in the bud back then…” Charles II said painfully. 
The sound of metal scraping was heard. 
He slowly drew the golden-hilted sword from his waist. 
Looking at Alice, he said, “Alice, step aside a bit. I might hurt you…” 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 67: Gobu Kuang Evolves, Enchanted Goblin! 
TL: Sungmin  
He drew his longsword from its sheath, the cold iron aura spreading throughout the church. 
Alice’s expression suddenly darkened, and she said with a somber face, “Your Majesty, what do you mean by this?” 
“For the people of the empire and the future of the empire, I must bring you back to the right path.” As Charles II spoke, he aimed the sword at the goblin and thrust it forward! 
However, he froze in place. 
Alice had caught the imperial sword with her bare hands, blood dripping from her palm and staining the ground. 
“Alice, you!” 
Charles II was heartbroken, but this only strengthened his resolve to eliminate the goblin. 
Suddenly! 
A cold flash burst forth! 
Alice had already drawn her sword, aiming at Charles II. The cold blade was only one centimeter from his neck. 
The atmosphere grew tense. 
The Lionheart Emperor’s strength was around five thousand, but he could not truly bring himself to strike Alice. 
“Your Majesty, will I never receive forgiveness? Why do you also treat me this way?” 
Alice’s face lifted, full of tears. 
Seeing this, Charles II dropped his sword and walked out helplessly. 
As he passed by the Holy Mother at the door, he said heavily, “Please, call the cardinal.” 
The cardinal, usually dressed in a red monk’s robe, held a position second only to the Supreme Pope. 
His strength far exceeded that of the Temple Guards and he was also a candidate for the Pope. 
The Holy Mother sighed and went to invite him. 
Soon, a figure arrived outside the church, barefoot, dressed in a red robe, with a hood obscuring his appearance. 
Upon seeing the Lionheart Emperor, he lowered his hood, revealing his face. 
He appeared to be around fifty years old, bald, with a red cross tattooed in the center of his forehead. 
His eyes were golden and deep. 
Charles II hurriedly said, “Cardinal, please resolve this matter, I cannot do it myself.” 
“May the Lord help the Sword Saintess through this trial.” 
The cardinal then put on his hood and walked into the church, praying as he looked at the golden crucifix. 
From a distance, Alice noticed him and, warily, gripped the now dull and rusted holy sword in her hand. 
“Cardinal, I hope you will leave. I do not want to hear anything right now.” 
Alice said coldly, holding her sword and slowly standing up. 
The cardinal made a cross gesture and said with clasped hands, “God will not abandon you, it is you who have abandoned God. Hand over that goblin, Lady Alice…” 
Before he finished speaking! 
Alice’s cold blade was already at the cardinal’s face! 
“Super-tier Holy Skill · Holy Light Radiance!” 
“Bang!” 
A burst of golden light erupted from his body, shaking Alice’s sword from her hand. 
The next second, the cardinal grasped his crucifix and activated another skill, “Super-tier Holy Skill · Holy Judgment Cage!” 
“Buzz!” 
A ball of holy light descended from the sky, trapping Alice. 
In her weakened state, without a weapon, she had no strength to resist. 
The cardinal looked at the small goblin still dismantling the wooden horse, then glanced at the massive crucifix before him. 
Picking up the nearby sword, he walked over. 
Alice knelt and kowtowed, “No! Please, don’t! That is my punishment. I must accept God’s punishment! I have no divine power left!” 
“Swish!” 
However, for someone of the cardinal’s high rank, decisions were made swiftly. 
To end things as quickly as possible. 
He directly thrust the sword through the small goblin’s head. 
Seeing this, Alice cried heartbreakingly, knowing she could never be forgiven by God. 
She felt herself losing consciousness, fainting to the ground. 
The cardinal withdrew the cage and left the church, “Your Majesty, the rest is up to you.” 
With that, he departed. 
Charles II hurried inside and immediately saw the small goblin dead at the foot of the crucifix. 
The weight lifted from his heart. 
He quickly checked on the unconscious Alice. 
Fortunately, she was fine. 
“Holy Mother, please take care of Alice. I must now give an explanation to the people of the empire.” 
Charles II said, carrying the small goblin’s corpse as he walked outside the palace. 
At this moment, many protesting residents were still gathered. 
Each one had eyes filled with anger and hatred. 
“Kill the goblin! The Sword Saintess no longer deserves to wield the holy sword!” 
“Is that person still the Sword Saintess we knew? Raising a goblin! Disgusting!” 
“Ugh! I used to like her so much, but she’s just trash! A disgrace! Disgusting!” 
The insults and curses continued endlessly. 
With a grim face, Charles II descended the high steps, holding the goblin’s corpse. 
The residents’ voices abruptly fell silent. 
Their eyes were fixed on the goblin’s corpse! 
After a long silence, the crowd erupted! 
“Long live the King! He finally eliminated this monster for us!” 
“Goblins deserve to die! All of them!” 
“Where’s that Sword Saintess slut? Is she dead?” 
“I think it’s best if she’s dead!” 
The residents cheered, shouting long live the Lionheart Emperor. 
Charles II threw the goblin’s corpse into the crowd, “I have given you the explanation you wanted, but anyone who speaks ill of the Sword Saintess will face the consequences!” 
His words silenced the cursing residents. 
Then, Charles II turned and walked back to the palace, his silhouette seemingly burdened with great weight. 
Because he did not know what Alice would become when she awoke. 
The next day. 
Charles II, already feeling guilty, was daydreaming in the empire’s temple. 
The Holy Mother burst in with shocking news, “Your Majesty! Alice, she’s gone!” 
“What!” 
Charles II jumped up from the throne in a panic! 
The Holy Mother looked innocent, “This morning, when I brought her food, the room was empty.” 
“Her mental state is unstable now, and she’s likely to encounter trouble. Someone! Send out all scouts to find her!” 
Charles II was utterly flustered, not expecting things to turn out this way. 
If anything happened to the Sword Saintess, it would not only be a devastating blow to him but also a significant loss for the entire empire. 
However, when the residents learned that the Sword Saintess had escaped, they began to mock her. 
In a tavern. 
The tavern owner looked around, confirming there were no imperial members present, and whispered, “Hey, did you hear? That slut of a Sword Saintess has run away!” 
“Run away? Where did she go?” 
At this moment, an Epic-level adventurer drinking in the tavern asked curiously. 
He was a regular at this tavern and a somewhat famous figure in the imperial city, known as ‘Odric the Sinful Swordsman.’ 
Everyone was drawn to him. 
The tavern owner shook his head, “I don’t know, I just heard it from a scout who came to drink today.” 
Odric sneered, “Who cares about her? That slut was fucked by goblins; it’s best if she’s dead, I find her disgusting.” 
“Exactly, her brain must be messed up by goblins. She even raised a goblin! Disgusting!” 
Everyone agreed. 
In their eyes, the person they once respected the most was now filled with contempt. 
At this moment, a young man couldn’t help but say, “But the Sword Saintess used to serve us, defeating many monsters and enemies that threatened the empire.” 
“If she doesn’t do it, others will. Whoever takes up the holy sword must bear that responsibility. Don’t make it seem like we owe her.” 
Odric grabbed the young man’s neck and coldly responded. 
Now, it seemed that anyone who spoke well of the Sword Saintess was a target for criticism. 
The young man could only leave the tavern quietly, not daring to make a sound. 
… 
Time returned to when Klein’s army retreated from the Great Tomb. 
Lin Tian handed a few humans to the Cannibal Eagle, “Lord, consider this a thank you for helping me this time.” 
“Little Tian, I accept your kindness. We monsters must unite, or we will be driven to despair by humans.” The Cannibal Eagle said emotionally. 
Lin Tian nodded, spending the following days capturing monsters in the forest, stocking up enough food. 
The tribe’s population would explode in the later stages, requiring large supplies to sustain them. 
Not to mention sustaining them, increasing strength also required a lot of flesh and blood. 
“Boss, I feel like I’m about to evolve!” 
Within the tribe, Gobu Kuang, who was carrying deer into the smokehouse, suddenly spoke. 
Everyone gathered around. 
Lin Tian was slightly stunned and checked his panel, “You’re really at level seventy, about to evolve into a leader variant.” 
Now, he couldn’t guarantee that every goblin in the tribe had the potential to evolve into an overlord variant. 
But leader variants were more than sufficient. 
With ten different types of seventh-tier monsters, along with humans, and dozens of low-tier monsters available for use. 
Gobu Kuang roared in pain. 
It felt like all his bones were breaking. 
His entire body twisted and writhed on the ground, emitting scorching steam! 
His skin seemed to be burning! 
Chunks of skin visibly burned away, exposing fresh red flesh underneath. 
However, soon, the burned skin began to regenerate. 
It turned black and purple with a web-like pattern, glowing faintly blue. 
Moreover, his original four hands became six! 
Two more hands grew from his waist, and two more from his back. 
The two hands on his back burned with a ghostly blue flame. 
His body shape hadn’t changed much; he looked like a ‘black-skinned athlete.’ 
“It’s an Enchanted Goblin! A very rare variant!” 
At this moment, Goblin Slayer exclaimed in surprise. 
Enchanted Goblins usually evolved after consuming a large number of magical monsters, with an extremely low probability of becoming this variant. 
Their most significant feature was the ability to use a bit of magic! 
[Gobu Kuang: Lv70<br/>
Race: Goblin<br/>
Profession: Dark Magician<br/>
Title: Enchanted Newborn, Gluttonous Gourmand, God’s Blessing…<br/>
Health: 2000<br/>
Strength: 501<br/>
Defense: 540<br/>
Skills: Evil Hand, Demonic Flame, Savage Charge, High-Pressure Domain<br/>
Equipment: None<br/>
Overall: 3100] 
Lin Tian was slightly surprised, thinking that this guy would eat himself into uselessness with how much he ate. 
But luck was on his side, and he became the rarest variant! 
Now, aside from himself, he was the strongest in the tribe. 
The thought of a goblin using magic was terrifying. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 68: You Seek Trouble, I’ll Wipe Out Your Family 
TL: Sungmin  
“Boom!” 
At this moment, a ball of blue flame filled with demonic energy flew towards a giant rock ahead. 
It instantly exploded into fragments! 
Moreover, the flames continued to envelop the debris, burning without dissipating. 
They even reduced the stone to powder. 
Gobu Kuang grinned foolishly, “Haha, boss, I can use magic now!” 
“Hmph, what’s so great about that? Boss, I want to apply to eat more meat and blood. I also want to quickly reach level seventy.” Gobu Shan said, clearly dissatisfied. 
Gobu Tian felt the same way. 
All of them were resentful because their smaller appetites had left them behind in levels. 
Fortunately, it was only a difference of one or two levels. 
However, most of the meat and blood were from low-tier monsters, and even a one or two-level difference required eating a lot. 
They simply didn’t have that kind of appetite. 
It’s worth noting that when Lin Tian leveled up five levels, he had eaten the entire Niu Gui clan—over a hundred tons of meat and blood—in a day and a night. 
Along with those soldiers. 
Lin Tian certainly didn’t refuse, “Go ahead, I wish you would eat more meat and blood and evolve quickly. Each of you is so unmotivated to improve your strength; it’s a wonder you’re still alive, thanks to me.” 
Gobu Tian and the others felt awkward. 
They then prepared to eat the stored food. 
Lin Tian coughed heavily, “Ahem! What are you doing? This enchanted forest lacks everything except monsters. Go out and catch some yourselves; it will also improve your combat experience.” 
“Boss, it’s dangerous out there.” Gobu Dao said. 
At this time, Lin Tian’s eyes turned cold, “Do you think I’m very safe?” 
Gobu Shan quickly laughed awkwardly, “We’re going out right now, hehe… Boss, don’t be angry…” 
Lin Tian cursed, “Really gave you face, and you still want free food.” 
All this food was stored for the newly grown goblins to first increase their basic levels. 
Otherwise, in this enchanted forest, going out would mean death. 
Without any combat power, they were better off not going. 
“Boss, I’ll go help them. I feel a violent force within me that needs to be unleashed.” Gobu Kuang said at this moment. 
Lin Tian nodded. 
Just as they left, the Cannibal Eagle appeared again in the sky above the tribe. 
It slowly descended and said somewhat embarrassedly, “Little Tian, I want to introduce you to a lord.” 
Lin Tian quickly came up to greet it, “Oh? I’d be delighted to meet other lords.” 
It’s good to have more to fall back on. If you offend someone you can’t afford to, you can just name these guys. 
Not a loss at all. 
“As long as you don’t mind, it’s the one behind you.” 
The Cannibal Eagle pointed behind him. 
Lin Tian turned around and saw that at some point, a golden iguana had appeared there. 
It was at least three meters tall and looked identical to the lizardman from Spider-Man, except its scales were golden. 
If you didn’t pay attention, you’d think it was a pile of gold there. 
Those cold pupils were scrutinizing the breeding area of the Tian Kuang tribe. 
Full of desire. 
A slender tongue darted out from time to time to catch scents. 
Lin Tian first checked its attribute panel. 
Named ‘Golden Iguana,’ it was a subhuman species, level 88, with a strength of only 3990, not very strong. 
Then, pretending to be friendly, he approached and said, “Lord, are you interested in humans?” 
The golden iguana ignored him and continued looking at the humans in the cages. 
Then it turned to the Cannibal Eagle, “These humans look so delicious, birdman, let’s split them fifty-fifty.” 
Hearing this, the Cannibal Eagle was a bit dumbfounded, “Fifty-fifty? Didn’t you say just one would be enough?” 
Originally, it had brought him here after much pleading to eat a human, but now he wanted half. 
Hearing this, Lin Tian’s already unhappy face turned even gloomier. 
At this moment, the golden iguana said, “In our territory, aren’t all the things inside ours? Besides, this is just a goblin tribe, a low-level monster tribe of trash. 
Even if a goblin becomes a king, its strength at most would be like ours now, but we are different; we can still grow.” 
The Cannibal Eagle’s expression wasn’t good either, “Iguana, but here I call the shots. Please return to your southern territory.” 
“Stop pretending. Many in your tribe haven’t eaten humans, right? And you still call yourselves cannibal eagles? I’ve been fair enough, fifty-fifty. Let’s fight now, how about it?” 
The golden iguana continued, eyes full of greed. 
Lin Tian finally spoke coldly, “Hey, where did this reptile come from? Half, can you even eat that much?” 
Suddenly! 
The golden iguana let out a ‘hiss!’ sound, very creepy! 
It looked at Lin Tian with aggression and hostility, its eyes filled with murderous intent, “Are you talking to me, you low-level trash?” 
However, the Cannibal Eagle suddenly blocked Lin Tian, “Iguana, I’ll say this one last time, leave now, or you won’t be able to handle the consequences.” 
He had heard about Lin Tian’s feats. 
They even took care of the Sword Saintess, provoking humans to send an army of ten thousand to exterminate them, and even the Church got involved. 
It was evident that this was not an ordinary goblin tribe. 
The Golden Iguana still wouldn’t let it go, “You just want to hog these humans for yourself. Fine, I don’t want them anymore. Let me kill that small goblin!” 
Suddenly! 
The Cannibal Eagle let out a screech! 
The powerful sound wave forced the Golden Iguana to take a half step back. 
It wasn’t joking around. 
Seeing this, the Golden Iguana glared fiercely at Lin Tian, “Fine, birdman, you’re tough now, but there will be times when you’re not around. I’ll kill them all!” 
After saying that, the Golden Iguana disappeared into the darkness. 
“Sorry, I didn’t expect that guy to be so greedy.” 
The Cannibal Eagle looked at Lin Tian apologetically. 
Lin Tian didn’t mind, “No need to apologize. I was thinking, if I kill him, what will the people in the Great Tomb do?” 
The Cannibal Eagle was slightly surprised, astonished that he truly had such power. 
Then it said, “They might expel you, kill you, or perhaps make you the lord of the south. I’ll take my leave now.” 
Becoming the lord of the south? 
Lin Tian thought about it, feeling that being a lord was useless. It just allowed one to call on monsters. 
The key was that as a lord, he couldn’t wantonly kill monsters like he could now. 
He wouldn’t want it even if it was given to him. 
… 
In the enchanted forest. 
Gobu Shan walked at the front, looking around as if entering a buffet and selecting ingredients. 
“The iron-skinned rhinoceros is too tough, not tasty.” 
“The poisonous porcupine, it pricks the mouth.” 
“The devil dragonfly, not much meat.” 
As they walked, Gobu Shan kept complaining, “Oh, why isn’t there anything delicious? What do you think, Gobu Tian?” 
“Humans are still the best.” Gobu Tian said, leaping through the trees. 
Suddenly, they realized something was wrong, as if someone was missing. 
Turning around, they found Gobu Kuang gorging himself. 
One hand held the leg of an iron-skinned rhinoceros, while the other hand treated the devil dragonfly like a skewer, roasting it with a stick. 
As for the poisonous porcupine. 
He had already cut it open like an urchin and was preparing to taste it. 
Gobu Shan and Gobu Tian were dumbfounded, “Does this guy gnaw on every living thing?” 
“Stop eating. Let’s find something tastier, Gobu Kuang.” 
Gobu Tian said. 
Then, Gobu Kuang threw down his food and ran after them. 
After that, the path was littered with skeletal remains and pieces of flesh. 
As long as it was a fifth-tier monster or above, the three of them would kill and share it. 
They didn’t know how long or how far they walked. 
Or how many monsters they ate. 
Finally, Gobu Shan reached level seventy and began to evolve. 
Because the mutant variant was a special existence, once a mutation occurred, it would definitely mutate again during evolution. 
This meant that Gobu Shan could evolve into a mutant leader variant. 
The bone spurs on his body began to fall off, and he looked like an ordinary green goblin, exhausted and kneeling on the ground, in great discomfort. 
“How do you feel?” Gobu Tian asked curiously. 
Gobu Kuang, who had just finished evolving, explained, “It feels very painful, like being burned by a ball of fire.” 
“The boss said everyone’s evolution is different and feels different. Gobu Kuang, you’re too dumb to even remember the boss’s words.” Gobu Tian said, annoyed, looking at him. 
Feeling embarrassed, Gobu Kuang scratched his head. 
At this moment, Gobu Shan began to mutate, his bones making cracking sounds. 
His body grew long and slender, reaching over two meters in height but very thin. 
He looked like a bamboo joint. 
Then, every inch of his body started to grow bones, forming an exoskeleton. 
Until it covered his entire body! 
His head looked like it was wearing a skull helmet, making him look like a creepy white skeleton. 
“I feel like I’ve grown taller!” 
Gobu Shan said excitedly after completing his evolution. 
Gobu Tian swallowed, “Not only taller but also…” 
Gobu Shan ran excitedly to a puddle to check. 
One look and he was shocked. 
Touching his body, “Where’s my flesh! Why have I become a skeleton? Help! I need to find the boss!” 
“Don’t panic. We saw your flesh covered by your bones.” 
Gobu Tian said, looking at him like an idiot, speechless. 
He felt that Gobu Shan seemed even dumber than Gobu Kuang. 
After calming down, Gobu Shan finally understood his changes. 
He could control the bones on his body at will, forming long, sharp blades or solid shields. 
He looked thin, but was as hard as iron. 
Gobu Shan transformed his left hand into a giant bone shield and his right hand into a sharp blade, lightly swinging at a large tree in front of him! 
The tree fell instantly. 
A bump with the shield had the same effect. 
His strength had greatly increased. 
“Let’s go find something for Gobu Tian to eat so he can evolve too!” Gobu Shan said with a big smile. 
The three continued forward. 
Soon, they found many white bones piled up ahead. 
There were corpses of various animals. 
Approaching quietly, they saw a damp swamp ahead. 
On the swampy ground, many large grass huts were built, indicating a certain tribe lived there. 
Gobu Tian, with his keen eyes, spotted something, “Look over there, there’s something golden, like an iguana!” 
Gobu Kuang saw it too and said, “It looks delicious. Let’s eat, hehe!” 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 69: Isn’t That My Uncle? 
TL: Sungmin  
This was the lair of the Golden Iguana tribe. 
The home of the southern enchanted forest lord. 
At this moment, a small golden iguana was chasing a dragonfly, venturing far from home into the reeds. 
Its innocent, big eyes carefully searched every place. 
Its tongue flicked out occasionally to catch scents. 
However, after flicking its tongue, it had a strange expression, “Huh? There’s a weird smell around here…” 
As it was still curious, a pair of black hands stretched out from the mossy mud beneath it. 
Pulled it straight down! 
When Gobu Tian slowly crawled out of the swampy mud pit, he was holding a dead golden iguana. 
He looked at the two people and said, “Come and try this. It seems like a juvenile, but it’s already over a meter long.” 
Gobu Kuang tore off an iguana leg, crunching it in his mouth. The meat was very tender and fresh! 
Slightly fishy, with a faint sweetness. 
“This taste is amazing, no worse than human meat!” 
Gobu Shan’s eyes lit up after tasting it. 
After all, it was a subhuman species, so the taste was similar. 
The three exchanged glances and seemed to reach a consensus. 
“Child? Child, where have you gone?” 
In the iguana tribe, a mother iguana called out anxiously. It was mealtime, but her gluttonous child hadn’t returned. 
A iguana head peeked out from a nearby grass hut, teasing, “That unlucky kid of yours is always running around. Could it have been caught by monsters outside?” 
“My husband is the lord. What monster would dare catch my child? It must be tired of living.” The mother iguana retorted angrily. 
At that moment, Gobu Shan’s voice rang out, “Are you looking for him?” 
He tossed a shiny iguana head at the mother’s feet. 
The mother iguana was stunned, crying out, “Who are you? Don’t you know this is the lord’s tribe? How dare you, how dare you!!” 
“The lord? What’s that? But madam, you do look beautiful.” 
Gobu Kuang’s cunning voice echoed as he flipped over the hut and emerged, his eyes full of desire as he looked at her. 
The iguana man in the hut immediately rushed out with a weapon, “How dare you disrespect the lord’s wife! I’ll…” 
Unfortunately, he didn’t finish his sentence as a long bone spike pierced his heart. 
Gobu Shan immediately started roasting him on a nearby bonfire. 
In a few bites, he devoured him completely. 
The average strength of these iguanas was around two thousand. Two thousand plus was considered high. 
The iguana tribe could only have one male leader. This meant other male iguanas couldn’t be too strong, or they would threaten the leader. 
“Help, save me!” 
The mother iguana, still angry, was suddenly grabbed by Goblin’s large hand and held in his arms, being rubbed all over. 
Just as he was about to proceed, he thought of something, “Oh, oh, this has to be saved for the boss.” 
He then knocked her unconscious with a slap. 
“Gobu Tian, hurry up and eat. You’re about to evolve, aren’t you?” 
Gobu Shan threw the roasted iguana over. 
“Monsters are invading!” 
“The lord isn’t here, what should we do?” 
“Why would monsters dare invade us? Didn’t the lord intimidate all the nearby ones?” 
“They seem to be from the goblin tribe!” 
“Doesn’t matter, grab your weapons and fight back!” 
Quickly, the iguana tribe gathered over a hundred males, but they were only two meters tall, much smaller than the Iguana Lord. 
Their strength was less than half of his. 
Gobu Kuang, seeing such a large group gathered, sneered and activated his skill, “Demonic Flame!” 
The two balls of eerie blue fire in his hands were thrown out. 
They exploded among the iguana crowd. 
“Ahhh!” 
Screams echoed continuously! 
Over a dozen iguanas were hit by the flames, unable to extinguish them no matter how hard they tried. 
Even burying themselves in the mud didn’t help. 
The slightest flame burned to the bone, melting their bones and burning through their bodies! 
Such was the power of the Demonic Flame. 
Similar to modern society’s white phosphorus bombs. 
On the other side, a large group of iguanas pinned Gobu Shan to the ground. 
They hammered him with hammers and stones, trying to crush him. 
The clanging sounds continued, but it was futile. 
His bone armor’s defense was far higher than iron armor, regenerating as soon as it broke. 
Gobu Shan, unable to move, simply gave up struggling and reshaped his bone armor. 
His entire body became like a porcupine, covered in sharp bone spikes! 
He instantly impaled over a dozen iguanas. 
Gobu Tian was beside him, collecting corpses and devouring them, finally starting to evolve. 
His small body didn’t change much, but a set of thin cicada wings grew from his back, and two antennae appeared on his front. 
He now looked somewhat similar to a cockroach. 
And, it also had a tongue similar to an iguana’s. 
It could capture the scent of enemies in the air, making it possible to detect them even if they were invisible. 
Golden scales began to appear on its skin, just like an iguana, but not just golden. In the blink of an eye, they turned black. 
Then green, white, purple, and other various colors! 
Finally, they became transparent, and its whole body only showed a faint outline, as if it were invisible. 
These scales could form camouflage, blending with the surrounding environment. 
Gobu Tian was still exploring his changes when the antennae on his head twitched. 
“Swish!” 
Gobu Tian quickly turned around and directly reached out to kill an iguana that was trying to sneak up on him. 
He remarked, “The antennae are light and sensitive, able to feel changes in the air to detect sneak attacks, not bad.” 
He then shook his wings and took off from the spot! 
Unfortunately, he couldn’t fly too high or too fast, but for sudden speed bursts during ground attacks, it was excellent. 
“Lord… where, where have you gone…” 
Not far away, an iguana holding a stone hammer stood still, full of despair. 
Before him, the scene had turned into a mountain of corpses and a sea of blood, with flames extending far. 
Three bizarre goblins were devouring his clan members. 
Even those not completely dead were being eaten bit by bit. 
“Burp~” 
“I’m full, let’s go back. The boss said not to annihilate them completely, let them reproduce, and we’ll come back.” Gobu Tian burped, feeling very satisfied. 
Gobu Shan nodded, “I’m full too. It’s good that I evolved; the boss will surely praise me!” 
“Let’s go then!” 
Gobu Kuang carried the mother iguana on his shoulder, holding a smaller one with his left hand. 
This puzzled Gobu Shan, “Isn’t that unnecessary? You don’t need to pack leftovers.” 
Upon hearing this, 
Gobu Kuang found a moment where someone else seemed dumber than him, “You ungrateful wolves, just caring about eating and enjoying yourselves, forgetting the boss? I’ll report you later!” 
“Hey, don’t. Next time we catch humans, I’ll give you more, okay?” 
… 
After they left. 
In the forest, the Golden Iguana Lord walked with a grim face, “Damn birdmen, damn goblins, once I find a way to get rid of the birdmen, all humans will be my food! And…” 
As he spoke, the hatred in his eyes deepened. 
He gritted his teeth, “I’ll also kill those damn goblins! How dare they disdain me!” 
When he reached the outside of his tribe, he tried to calm himself. 
He planned to relieve his stress with his wife when he got back. 
But the moment he entered, he felt like he was dreaming or had come to the wrong place. 
The Iguana Lord rubbed his eyes, “Impossible, impossible. Where is this? It feels familiar.” 
“Huh? Why does this person look so much like my uncle? And there’s my third brother, interesting.” 
The Iguana Lord muttered to himself as he looked at the barely recognizable corpses on the ground. 
Moreover, some bodies were covered in filth. 
It was obvious someone had desecrated them. 
Many iguana children’s bodies had turned into skeletons, with just a bit of flesh left. 
At this moment, a few iguana heads peeked out from the reeds nearby, “The lord, the lord is back!” 
“Great, we’re saved!” 
A few iguanas, dragging their battered bodies, hurried over. 
Seeing them, the Iguana Lord finally accepted this reality. He roared to the sky, “Who did this!!!” 
He couldn’t believe that as the lord, someone dared to ransack his home! 
That’s why he didn’t accept the reality at first. 
The iguanas cried, “It was three strange goblins, they must be high-tier. They were too strong, we couldn’t fight back, and… and the madam and daughter were taken.” 
“Goblins??!” 
The Iguana Lord’s pupils trembled. His wife and daughter were taken! 
He immediately thought of the Tian Kuang Tribe. 
But then he shook his head, “Impossible, I was just there. They couldn’t have come so quickly for revenge, and they wouldn’t dare!” 
He then speculated which goblin tribe in the enchanted forest could have done it. 
There were three goblin tribes in his southern territory, the strongest being Overlord variants under his control, so it couldn’t be them. 
In the east, apart from the Tian Kuang Tribe, there were no other Overlord goblins. 
There were some in the west and north, but they couldn’t have arrived so quickly. 
No matter how he thought, he couldn’t figure it out. 
The Iguana Lord was extremely aggrieved, “Hide well, I’m going to chase them!” 
He could only follow the scent. If he delayed, it would dissipate. 
He flicked out his tongue, capturing scents, his eyes lit up, “Found the scent of my wife and daughter!” 
He indeed headed in the direction Gobu Kuang and the others had gone, “I will slaughter your entire tribe!” 
At this moment. 
Gobu Kuang and his group had returned to the Tian Kuang Tribe. 
“Boss! Come quick! I brought you something good!” Gobu Kuang shouted happily. 
Lin Tian, who was thinking about how to cultivate new goblins, heard and came over. 
Seeing them, he didn’t care about the two iguanas they were carrying. 
Instead, he noticed they all had evolved! 
Especially Gobu Shan, who now looked so different that he wasn’t recognized at first glance, almost not resembling a goblin anymore. 
However, a goblin was defined not by appearance, but by character and habits. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 70: Mysterious Man, Instant Kill 
TL: Sungmin  
[Gobu Shan: Lv71<br/>
Race: Mutant Goblin<br/>
Profession: Battle Bone<br/>
Title: Bone Warrior, Mutant Goblin, God’s Blessing…<br/>
Health: 1700<br/>
Strength: 580<br/>
Defense: 700<br/>
Skills: Evil Bone Growth, Gene Devour…<br/>
Equipment: Evil Bone<br/>
Overall: 3000] 
Looking at Gobu Shan’s attribute panel, Lin Tian felt quite satisfied, though he didn’t expect that Gobu Shan was still slightly weaker than that guy, Gobu Kuang. 
After all, he was a mutant variant. 
Then he looked at Gobu Tian, who resembled a little cockroach. 
[Gobu Tian Lv: 72<br/>
Race: Goblin<br/>
Profession: None<br/>
Title: Perfect Assassin, God’s Blessing…<br/>
Health: 1500<br/>
Strength: 490<br/>
Defense: 410<br/>
Skills: Scent Capture, Camouflage Skin, Wing Flap Acceleration, Premonition…<br/>
Equipment: None<br/>
Overall: 3000] 
Lin Tian hadn’t expected Gobu Tian’s attributes to be inferior, yet his overall strength matched Gobu Shan’s. 
It was likely because the combat power of those leaning towards an assassin role tended to be higher. 
If equipped with various gear, he might even be stronger. 
Lost in thought, Lin Tian was brought back by an angry, delicate voice. 
“Let go of me, you damn goblins! I’m the lord’s wife! How dare you capture me! I’ll have the lord kill you and avenge my child. None of you will escape!” 
The knocked-out female iguana had awakened and was shouting incessantly. 
Lin Tian was somewhat bewildered and asked, “Who is this? Lord? Where did you capture this iguana from?” 
“We don’t know. We just ran into this iguana tribe while walking.” 
Gobu Kuang scratched his head and said. 
Then he chuckled, “Boss, we caught them just for you. One young, one mature, depending on your taste.” 
“Ahem, I generally adhere to the principle of wanting them all. But, is this damned iguana part of that Iguana Lord’s tribe?” 
Lin Tian’s expression turned serious. 
Seeing that he seemed a bit scared, the female iguana triumphantly said, “That’s right, my husband is the Southern Lord! Now that you know fear, it’s too late. I won’t let you off!” 
However, Lin Tian’s expression turned into an evil smile. 
His facial features twisted. 
He had been holding back his anger, and now it was time to vent it. 
Moreover, this iguana was quite beautiful. 
“Iguana Lord? Want to split my tribe? Want to kill me? Then don’t blame me for being rude~” 
Lin Tian reached out, slowly approaching the female iguana. 
Seeing this, the female iguana was utterly panicked, struggling to break free from Gobu Kuang’s grip, “Don’t move, lady. You wouldn’t want your husband to die, would you? As long as you let me vent enough…” 
As he spoke, a poison arrow from an Elemental Hand Crossbow was shot over. 
Not long after, the female iguana became like a puppet with its strings cut, collapsing to the ground. 
“No, I am the lord’s wife! To be violated by goblins, by goblins…” 
The female iguana cried, her body out of control. 
She was being used at will. 
An hour later, Lin Tian sighed, “Goodness, no wonder that guy next door liked iguanas so much. Didn’t expect there to be something to it.” 
Then, he looked at the smaller iguana. 
He didn’t let it go either, venting all his anger toward the Iguana Lord on his family. 
“What did you two do to his tribe? Just captured these two?” 
Lin Tian lay on the ground, feeling a bit tired, and asked. 
Gobu Tian explained, “No, we mostly slaughtered and devoured them, leaving a few alive to reproduce.” 
Hearing this, Lin Tian jumped up in shock, not expecting these three guys to take advantage of the Iguana Lord’s absence and ransack his home. 
Gobu Kuang and the others were nervous, thinking they would be scolded, but Lin Tian excitedly said, “Well done! Especially you, Gobu Kuang. I didn’t raise you for nothing; you even brought something fun back to honor me.” 
Now, he just wanted to see how that guy would react when he found out who the real culprit was. 
Speaking of the devil, he appeared. 
“Damn goblins! Get out here!! Give me back my wife and daughter!!!” 
Outside the Tian Kuang Tribe, the Iguana Lord tracked the scent to this place. 
He never expected it to be the Tian Kuang Tribe that did it! 
They had just torn each other’s faces, and in such a short time, they had massacred his tribe. 
He couldn’t tolerate it! 
The Iguana Lord charged in, breaking down the door and swinging his tail, killing a few big variants. Coldly, he said, “Today, I won’t leave a single one of your tribe alive! Blood for blood!” 
Roaring, he saw his wife and daughter on the ground. 
He looked as if struck by lightning. 
Immediately, he froze! 
“Oh, what a coincidence. I just finished. If you want to leave now, I might let you go. If you don’t, then… you’ll die…” 
Lin Tian said, his smile wicked and cold. 
The Iguana Lord was furious, but he first asked, “Wife, daughter, are you alright? Did these low-level monsters do anything to you?” 
“Hu-Husband, I feel great now, even better than before. You should leave; I want to stay here…” 
The female iguana’s words struck like a bolt from the blue. 
The blush on her face, her warm breath, and that look of longing and attachment. 
It was as if a needle pierced the Iguana Lord’s heart. 
He understood the implication of her words! 
A double blow to his dignity and body! 
Even his daughter said coquettishly, “Dad, I’ll stay here with Mom. I’ll take good care of him.” 
As she spoke, she snuggled up to Lin Tian, like a pet. 
These scenes were completely unacceptable to the Iguana Lord, making him feel like today was surreal! 
Not a dream but a nightmare! 
His tribe was slaughtered, leaving only a few survivors, and his wife and daughter were… 
“I’ll kill all of you! Especially you!” 
The Iguana Lord gritted his teeth until they bled and suddenly launched an attack! 
His speed was immense, smashing large sections of the rock underfoot. 
Seeing him approach, Gobu Kuang directly blocked in front. Even though he was using magic now, his strength hadn’t diminished. 
He forcefully engaged the Iguana Lord, and both were pushed back. 
“How is this possible, a mere leader variant actually…” 
The Iguana Lord couldn’t believe it, looking at Gobu Kuang in astonishment. 
At this moment, Lin Tian gestured for them to stop, “Since this guy wants to die, I’ll take care of him. I’ve wanted to kill him for a long time anyway.” 
Killing him would mean becoming the new Southern Lord. 
At worst, he’d send Gobu Shan or Brutal over to take the position; he didn’t necessarily have to do it himself. 
But killing him would truly relieve his anger! 
Although he had already vented everything on the mother-daughter iguana pair. 
The Iguana Lord was furious, wanting to summon monsters but realized this was the east, not under his jurisdiction. 
He coldly snorted, “Even without other monsters, I can still kill you! Necrotic Cells!” 
As he spoke, he rapidly approached Lin Tian, drooling thick, black-green saliva. 
He spat it madly at Lin Tian. 
This saliva contained numerous bacteria, at least a billion in a single drop. 
In a world without antibiotics, if it contaminated the skin, the entire body would be consumed by bacteria within three days. 
Bathing, burning, freezing, none of it worked. 
The bacteria couldn’t be cleaned off. 
Even one would rapidly multiply. 
Lin Tian directly used the skill Brutal Roar, roaring to shatter all the saliva with sound waves. 
Not a drop touched him. 
The Iguana Lord, completely unprepared, stood there in a daze, his eyes rolling back. 
Seizing the opportunity, Lin Tian quickly approached, stabbing a dagger towards his heart. 
The blade only managed to scratch the scales. 
With quick reflexes, Lin Tian delivered another stab! 
This time, it pierced the skin deeply, and blood gushed out like a fountain, spraying everywhere! 
Undoubtedly, it hit the heart! 
The intense pain brought the Iguana Lord back to his senses, and he quickly retreated, “Damn goblin! What was that just now? I lost consciousness!” 
He clutched his chest, where blood was gushing. 
One second, two seconds, three seconds. 
When he removed his hand, the shocking wound had healed! 
Gobu Tian and the others were surprised. 
But Lin Tian had expected this, “Hmph, super recovery, but you can only recover once.” 
It was similar to a gecko’s tail regeneration. 
This species had strong regenerative abilities. 
The iguana tribe could even survive one fatal injury. 
The Iguana Lord gritted his teeth, saying, “But I won’t give you a second chance, Hormone Growth!” 
In the next second, his body began to grow larger. 
He grew to over five meters tall! 
His muscles bulged like stones glued to his body, and those tiny scales turned into dazzling golden armor. 
Covering his entire body. 
The Iguana Lord felt immensely confident, “Strength! Endless strength! What will you use to fight me?” 
Finished, he prepared to go all out! 
A thin, white membrane even covered his eyes. 
Now, he was practically invincible! 
Every inch of him had extremely high defense; the only unprotected part was under his tail, but it was impossible to attack it. 
Gobu Kuang and the others showed extreme caution in their expressions. 
Especially Gobu Tian, whose premonition told him this guy was dangerous. 
Lin Tian also felt some pressure and prepared to use earth elements to slow him down. 
He intended to get the blood of decay into his body, which would turn him impotent. 
“Swish!” 
At this moment, a rusty longsword pierced through the Iguana Lord’s back! Blood spurted out again! 
Everyone’s eyes widened, not knowing who did it! 
That poor-quality longsword was a weapon used by big goblins. 
Even if Lin Tian had a fine longsword, he couldn’t guarantee breaking through the Iguana Lord’s armor. 
“You! Who are you! Birdman? No, let me see…” 
The Iguana Lord, choking on blood, tried to turn his head to see who had ambushed him. 
But suddenly, the sword in his abdomen moved! 
“Slash!” 
In the next second! 
The longsword sliced through the Iguana Lord like cutting a cake!  
From bottom to top, it cut him in half! 
 1.7k words 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 71: Are You Taking Me for the God of Childbearing? 
TL: Sungmin  
The Iguana Lord didn’t even have time to scream. 
He died on the spot! 
Everyone was shocked by this scene, their faces full of vigilance and suspicion. 
Whoever could kill him instantly must be incredibly strong. 
“Is it… the Cannibal Eagle senior?” Lin Tian guessed aloud. 
Logically, he was the only one who could help him here. 
The Iguana Lord’s corpse split open and fell to the ground, revealing the figure of the person behind it. 
This person was wearing a white nightgown, somewhat dirty. 
Their blond hair was disheveled, as if it hadn’t been taken care of in a long time. 
They looked extremely weak. 
Their bright blue eyes were wide open, as if they had seen something unbelievable, “Finally… found you…” 
After saying this, their eyes rolled back, and they collapsed from exhaustion. 
Stunned! 
A group of goblins broke out in goosebumps, panicking and running around! 
“Disaster! The Sword Saintess has invaded the tribe!” 
“Boss, you go first, I’ll hold her off!” 
“Waaah, we’re gonna get killed!” 
The goblins had all kinds of reactions, mostly fear and panic. 
Lin Tian also took a few steps back, shocked and in disbelief, raising his hand to stop them, “Everyone calm the hell down! Are you blind? That crazy woman has fainted.” 
Immediately. 
Gobu Kuang blinked, “Seems like it…” 
“This person chased us all the way here, took out the Iguana Lord with a rusty sword while being this weak? Luckily, she passed out.” Lin Tian said with lingering fear. 
Looking at her somewhat dirty but still lovely face, he couldn’t help but remember that time. 
Now, the Sword Saintess looked more like an angel fallen into the mud. 
Gobu Kuang picked up his weapons, an axe in one hand and a black iron sword in the other, “Let’s take her life while she’s weak! Gobu Tian, here you go…” 
“I don’t want to, you do it. It’s your weapon.” Gobu Tian said, somewhat scared. 
The two of them then looked at Gobu Shan. 
He pretended to be very busy, staring at the stool in front of him, “Wow, this stool is really stool-like, don’t you think, Boss?” 
“Get lost, you cowards! She’s fainted and you don’t dare to kill her? Besides, who said to kill her? She’s worth much more alive than dead. Tie her up first.” Lin Tian said, eyes full of cunning. 
An angel fallen into the mud… that’s just a fallen angel. 
If she really chose to fall, there was a chance to make her his own. 
Immediately. 
They tied up the Sword Saintess securely. 
Gobu Yue and the others came over to watch the commotion, “Boss, aren’t you guys being too cautious?” 
Looking at her, they almost didn’t recognize her as a person. 
She looked more like a cocoon, wrapped in countless ropes, with only her head sticking out. 
“Better safe than sorry, she is the strongest among the young generation in the empire, almost as strong as the Lionheart Emperor.” Goblin Slayer spoke up. 
She had mingled with humans the longest, so her words carried weight. 
Lin Tian nodded, “Exactly, let’s see what she wants when she wakes up.” 
Everyone waited anxiously. 
Their hearts were all tense. 
After all, this was the Sword Saintess! They had captured the Sword Saintess! 
It would be an incredible story to tell. 
Just a stroke of luck. 
One day and night passed, everyone waited around her, though Lin Tian had already consumed the Iguana Lord’s corpse. 
The days and nights felt long. 
Lin Tian was getting impatient, “Damn, is she sleeping or unconscious?” 
Upon hearing this, Gobu Yue looked at the Sword Saintess’s sleeping face, carefully reaching out a finger to poke her. 
“Eek~” 
Gobu Yue shivered all over, “So soft, like jelly!” 
This poke really broke the Sword Saintess’s dream bubble. 
She slowly opened her beautiful eyes, looking around in surprise. 
“Careful!” 
Gobu Shan and the others jumped back ten meters in a flash. 
Even tied up, they felt being too close was deadly. 
Lin Tian wasn’t as dramatic, but he was very cautious, looking at her seriously, “Long time no see, Sword Saintess…” 
The two of them were old enemies. 
It was their first time talking so closely. 
Last time, although they were intimately close, she had been unconscious. 
Seeing Lin Tian, the Sword Saintess’s eyes seemed to sparkle, “Goblin! I finally found you, Goblin! Finally found you!” 
Her sudden excitement scared Lin Tian. 
He also took a step back, dodging away, “What do you want? If you want to fight, I advise you to give up. You’re no match for us anymore.” 
“Goblin! Goblin!” 
Alicenia seemed like a persistent shadow, even though her body was tied up, she still wriggled like a fat caterpillar. 
Twisting her body, she crawled towards Lin Tian little by little. 
Her speed was incredibly fast! 
Lin Tian was so scared he bolted, unable to comprehend this bizarre scene, “Hey, you lot! I’ve been feeding you all this time, hold her down!” 
Upon hearing this, Gobu Kuang and the others didn’t hesitate. 
They quickly and anxiously moved behind the Sword Saintess, grabbing the rope. 
But in their haste, they grabbed the knot. 
The Sword Saintess’s entire body was freed from the ropes, which fell off her like peeling an apple! 
It was as if she had broken free from a seal, instantly darting to Lin Tian’s side. 
“It’s over! You guys are useless!” 
Lin Tian felt a sinking dread, realizing he had been set up! 
He still had one life left, but next time he would definitely kill the Sword Saintess to eliminate future trouble! 
Gobu Tian slapped his own face in despair, “Gobu Kuang! You’ve killed the boss!” 
“Aaah, boss!!!” 
Gobu Kuang was on the verge of tears, panicking and not knowing what to do. 
The other goblins, filled with despair and helplessness, knelt and wept! 
It was as if they were already holding a memorial service for Lin Tian. 
However, to their surprise, the Sword Saintess did not attack but knelt before Lin Tian! 
Her eyes were filled with humility and pleading, “Goblin, I did not come to fight you. I came to ask… would you give me… another child?” 
A blush crept over Alicenia’s face, and her voice turned shy and hesitant. 
The entire place fell silent. 
“So it was just a dream, how thrilling.” 
Gobu Tian exhaled, turning to kick Gobu Kuang, “Damn!” 
It wasn’t a dream! 
Goblin Slayer stood in shock, “That woman… actually…” 
In the human world, her revered and majestic figure was known to all. 
Now, she knelt before Lin Tian, begging for… love? 
The most shocked of all was Lin Tian, “No way, Sword Saintess, are you serious???” 
He had guessed she might fall from grace. 
But falling from grace didn’t mean wasting time idly, did it? 
Who starts by asking someone for a child? 
Are you taking me for the God of Childbearing? 
“I am serious. Our enmity can be wiped clean, but you must give me another child. Otherwise, I won’t forgive you!” 
Alicenia’s expression was resolute, even threatening. 
Lin Tian didn’t rush to agree, sensing something was off. 
He asked, “You said ‘another,’ meaning you bore our child last time? Where is that child now?” 
At this, Alicenia trembled, tears slipping from her beautiful eyes as she looked at him, “My lord, I failed to fulfill that punishment! It’s those villagers’ fault. Please give me another chance, and I’ll bear a goblin child and raise it!” 
She ignored everyone else, lost in what she believed to be a divine mandate. 
This was her punishment for killing dozens of imperial soldiers. 
The Holy Sword of the church, passed down for thousands of years, had never been used against its own people. 
She was the first. 
The coincidental loss of her holy power made her believe it was divine punishment. 
Seeing her state, Lin Tian speculated, “I see, punishment, another chance, to bear another goblin.” 
Got it, she was taking him for the God of Childbearing. 
“Stand up first. To think the proud Sword Saintess is now so miserable… well, killing so many of your own people, of course, God would be angry.” 
Lin Tian intentionally rubbed salt in the wound. 
This way, the Sword Saintess would think others agreed with her, strengthening her belief. 
Alicenia became desperate, “Please, give me what I ask, I beg you!” 
She started to remove her white nightgown, but Lin Tian stopped her, “I didn’t say I would give it to you. If you want it, there are conditions.” 
“What conditions? I’ll agree to anything!” 
Alicenia’s unstable mind could think of nothing but having another child and obtaining divine forgiveness. 
Essentially, she was trying to escape the reality of her killings. 
Lin Tian thought for a moment, “You must obey me, at least during your penance. I believe this also counts as divine punishment.” 
Such powerful combat strength would be a waste not to use. 
Hearing this, Alicenia agreed without hesitation, “If it’s divine punishment, I’ll complete it! Quickly, I can’t wait any longer!” 
She dragged Lin Tian towards a hut. 
Since she agreed, Lin Tian didn’t hold back. 
After all, such a body was rare. 
Inside the hut. 
Alicenia’s eyes were dreamy, her blue pupils seemed to sparkle with love. 
Removing her nightgown, she lay in the straw like a pure white jade, her cheeks flushed. 
Though her spirit was impatient, her long, pale legs were tightly closed, as if resisting something. 
Perhaps it was the last shred of dignity of the once noble and holy Sword Saintess. 
When Lin Tian’s hand parted her legs, the title of Saintess ceased to exist. 
Outside the hut. 
Gobu Yue and the others listened with their ears perked. 
The noise even attracted Lilith and her group of vampires. 
“What happened earlier? I fell asleep and missed it. Did an enemy invade? No, this sound seems like…” 
Lilith curiously asked, a bit embarrassed. 
Goblin Slayer smiled mischievously, “Do you know who is making that sound?” 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 72: The Dream Demon and the Plan to Plunder the City! 
TL: Sungmin  
“The Sword Saintess, Alicenia, the woman known as the Guardian Holy Sword of the Empire, is now in the shack before you, begging Lin Tian to give her a child.” 
Goblin Slayer finished speaking, her smile unwavering. 
Her satisfaction with Lin Tian had reached an unprecedented level. 
It was truly unexpected to be able to achieve something like this. 
If this were spread within the Empire, one could only imagine the turmoil it would cause! 
Upon hearing this. 
Lilith and her group of mercenaries were all dumbfounded and immediately refuted, “Stop joking, who would believe such a thing? The Sword Saintess is someone I admire greatly. Her sense of responsibility, her mission, and her strength are even the strongest among all the Sword Saintesses throughout history!” 
In an era where women’s status was low, 
To achieve such a status was unprecedented. 
Even vampires, even the wife of Count Dracula. 
Lilith and the others, having lived in the Lionheart Empire for a long time, had immense admiration for the Sword Saintess. 
Goblin Slayer sneered and directly dragged her inside, “See for yourself, who is she?” 
“This!” 
Lilith’s eyes widened in disbelief at the woman before her, realizing it was truly her! 
“Lord Sword Saintess, how could you…” 
Her worldview seemed to collapse at that moment. 
Upon hearing this, Alicenia didn’t have the heart to respond, her eyes had completely turned into heart shapes. 
Her slender, fair jade hands tightly gripped the weeds beside her, crushing them one handful after another. 
Lilith even retreated a few steps in fear, exiting the shack, “How is this even possible?! And the Sword Saintess is… enjoying it?” 
Her heart-shaped eyes were filled with the word “desire.” 
“Hey, what are you doing in here? Get out, get out!” 
Lin Tian’s voice sounded from the shack, cursing. 
Goblin Slayer pouted, “Oh, don’t be like that. I used to admire the Sword Saintess and wanted to fight alongside her!” 
“Fight alongside my ass, go away.” 
Helplessly, Goblin Slayer was still thrown out, thinking she could finally fight alongside the Sword Saintess. 
A long time passed. 
Until the next day, Lin Tian finally walked out of the shack, looking refreshed, though his legs trembled as if he couldn’t stand properly when the wind blew. 
However, he at least seemed spirited. 
“These unreliable legs.” Lin Tian muttered in annoyance. 
Goblin Slayer snickered beside him, “It’s not your legs, it’s clearly your kidneys, right? Where is the Sword Saintess? Why hasn’t she come out?” 
“You go see for yourself.” Lin Tian said, heading off to rest. 
Too many good things had happened at once, he needed to sort them out slowly. 
Not only had he obtained the Sword Saintess, but he had also truly gained her in every sense, able to make her help him with matters. 
Upon hearing this. 
Lilith anxiously rushed to see for herself. 
She saw Alicenia lying in the shack as if in a faint, her eyes rolled upwards, “Lord God, please forgive me…” 
“No…” 
Lilith covered her mouth, unable to bear watching any longer. 
If the people of the Empire saw this, the imperial family and the church would probably go mad. 
At this time, Gobu Yue found Lin Tian and asked, “Boss, what should we do with the Sword Saintess?” 
They couldn’t let her stay in that dirty and filthy shack forever. 
It was all unsightly stuff. 
“Arrange for her to stay with me. Take her to change clothes and have a bath, there are human clothes collected over there.” 
Lin Tian thought for a moment and said. 
Arranging her elsewhere with no one watching could be troublesome if she ran away or did something else. 
Gobu Yue agreed and started to make arrangements. 
Lin Tian thought that he needed to inform the Cannibal Eagle about the death of the Iguana Lord. Hiding it would make people suspect there was something wrong. 
Then he went to the Giant Forest, bringing along two weak, almost dying humans. 
Even though Ifreya was a nun, she was still a novice and had much to learn. 
He planned to help her improve her healing methods someday. 
Having her as his healer wasn’t bad, she was well-trained enough anyway. 
“Little Tian, why are you here?” 
The Cannibal Eagle saw him and flew down from a distant tall tree, its left claw holding a fat white worm. 
“Just dug this out from the tree, it’s a unique product of the Giant Forest, very delicious.” 
Lin Tian looked at the wriggling, furry, maggot-like worm and felt nauseous. 
He quickly declined, “I’m not hungry now, Lord Cannibal Eagle. I just want to tell you something, whether it’s good or bad.” 
He said, first throwing the two dying humans onto the tree. 
A branch of the giant tree was over ten meters wide, like flat ground. 
The Cannibal Eagle’s eyes lit up, and it immediately threw the worm far away, “This thing doesn’t seem so tasty after all. What is it? Speak directly.” 
“Do you remember the Iguana Lord you brought earlier…?” Lin Tian hesitated. 
The Cannibal Eagle nodded, “Oh, that guy. You must be pissed, right? He was indeed too much. I’ll take you to deal with him right away! How dare he threaten to harm you and your kin. Does he think I’m just called Cannibal Eagle for no reason?” 
“No, I wanted to tell you that I killed him and his kin.” Lin Tian said it so casually. 
The Cannibal Eagle didn’t immediately react, “Oh! So you killed him… Wait, what! You killed the Southern Lord!!!” 
For a moment, he lost his appetite for eating. 
He stared at Lin Tian in shock. 
“Well…” 
Lin Tian began to explain, but the Cannibal Eagle interrupted, “No need to explain. If I could have killed him, I wouldn’t have spared him either. This is troublesome now, but there’s still a chance. If you become the Southern Lord, we can still account for it to the Great Tomb.” 
“I don’t want to be the lord, that’s why I came to you. Just tell them one of my subordinates did it. How about that?” Lin Tian grinned, eyeing the two humans. 
It seemed to suggest that favors come with obligations. 
Surprisingly, the Cannibal Eagle was very amenable to this, sighing, “Your tribe is still in its developing stage and needs your management, so we can only send your subordinate. But… there is a risk.” 
“Risk? Why?” 
“If you go, I believe you can defeat the competitors for the Southern Lord position, but I’m not sure about your subordinate.” 
The Cannibal Eagle spoke with a serious expression, “With the Iguana Lord dead, the Dream Demon from the south will definitely compete for the lord position. He has coveted it for over a century but has never defeated the previous lords.” 
Dream Demon? 
Lin Tian quickly asked what kind of creature it was. 
The Cannibal Eagle explained, “It’s an eighth-tier monster that can control others’ dreams, born from nightmares. It’s not strong in direct combat but excels at manipulating dreams. 
That’s why it never became the Southern Lord.” Lin Tian pondered deeply. 
A Dream Demon, able to control others’ dreams. 
That was incredible! It was just what he needed! 
“Lord Cannibal Eagle, can you take me to see him quickly? I want to collaborate with him!” Lin Tian was a bit excited. 
If the Dream Demon could control the Sword Saintess’s dreams and have her believe that God was instructing her, she would follow without question! 
This way, she could be completely controlled and turned into a puppet! 
He also planned to capture a city to get some magic books for Ifreya to enhance her abilities. 
Having the Sword Saintess lead the attack would be perfect. 
The goblins’ plundering nature had been stifled for too long. 
Hearing this, the Cannibal Eagle, though puzzled, still took him to the south. 
“This is where the Dream Demon resides.” 
Before them lay a thorny thicket shrouded in mist, with dried, twisted brambles everywhere, making it impossible to move without getting scratched. 
A moment of inattention could lead to injury. 
At this moment, a huge eye lit up in the mist. 
And a hollow, eerie monster voice sounded, “Let me see, who needs a sweet dream?” 
The eye moved closer, finally revealing its appearance. 
It looked like a footless ghost, floating above the thorns, draped in a tattered black robe. 
Its hood covered not a head but a single large black eye with a red pupil! 
It had no head. 
Just a head-sized eye. 
Its hands were withered and purple, resembling tree branches. 
It emanated a resentful black aura. 
“So it’s the Cannibal Eagle. What do you want? Do you need a sweet dream?” The Dream Demon laughed eerily. 
Lin Tian spoke first, “No, I want to collaborate with you. I’ll make you the Southern Lord, and you help me control others’ dreams.” 
Upon hearing the term “Southern Lord.” 
The Dream Demon’s pupil shrank into a dot, staring intently at Lin Tian, “A small goblin like you dares to talk about making me the Southern Lord?” 
“Hmph, the golden iguana you couldn’t defeat for years was annihilated by him.” The Cannibal Eagle taunted at this moment. 
The Dream Demon found it hard to believe but gave some credence to the Cannibal Eagle’s words, “Hahaha! I’m very willing. Tell me, whose sweet dream do you want me to control?” 
“No one special, just a human.” Lin Tian said nonchalantly. 
The Dream Demon readily agreed, “Good! Hahaha…” 
The long sinister laugh echoed through the thorny forest. 
The Cannibal Eagle then said, “I’ll go report to the Great Tomb. Are you sure you want him as the Southern Lord? Don’t underestimate him because the Iguana Lord. If you fought him in the south, you wouldn’t have stood a chance.” 
He implied that the lord could summon a large number of monsters as helpers. 
That was the real strength. 
Lin Tian suddenly raised his hand, “Lord Cannibal Eagle, let’s wait a bit. I have a new plan.” 
Hearing this, the Dream Demon retreated a few steps warily! 
Sensing a threat, “What are you planning?” 
“Little Tian, the Dream Demon is a spiritual entity. You can’t devour its abilities. If you turn against it, there will be no cooperation.” 
The Cannibal Eagle, understanding goblin methods. 
He guessed Lin Tian’s intentions. 
However, Lin Tian ignored him, checking the Dream Demon’s attribute panel. 
Indeed, an ordinary goblin couldn’t devour it, but Lin Tian still had another skill. 
‘Abnormal Fusion.’ 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 73: The Fallen Saintess 
TL: Sungmin  
Directly merging him into his own body would allow him to learn the skill of dream control, wouldn’t it? 
[Dream Demon: Lv84<br/>
Race: Undead<br/>
Profession: None<br/>
Title: Born from Nightmare<br/>
Health: 2000<br/>
Strength: 690<br/>
Defense: 492<br/>
Skills: Dream Control, Bewildering Eye, Etherealization<br/>
Equipment: None<br/>
Overall: 3800] 
This strength wasn’t high among eighth-tier monsters, as it couldn’t even defeat the Iguana Lord. 
However, the dream control skill was nearly unbeatable if used to ambush someone. 
Unless the opponent had a strong willpower and could realize they were in a dream. 
Lin Tian, with lightning speed, grabbed a dagger and dashed forward. 
Seeing this, the Dream Demon hurriedly activated the Etherealization skill, a unique advantage of a spiritual entity. 
Inherently possessing the ability to ignore attacks. 
Only magical skills could cause harm. 
“Not good! Don’t look into his eyes!” 
The Cannibal Eagle suddenly shouted, but it was too late. 
The Dream Demon and Lin Tian locked eyes, immediately activating the Bewildering Eye, which could forcibly hypnotize a person. 
Then, it used the dream control skill. 
Its large eyes emitted a strong red light, all of which poured into Lin Tian’s eyes. 
In an instant. 
Lin Tian seemed to be in a daze, staggering and falling asleep on the ground. 
Seeing this, the Cannibal Eagle’s large wings shook, swiftly attacking the Dream Demon. 
“Hmph, he’s doomed, Cannibal Eagle Lord…” 
The Dream Demon, full of disdain, then dove into Lin Tian’s dream. 
At this moment. 
Lin Tian, clutching his aching head, opened his eyes and got up, discovering that the surroundings had turned into a desolate, scorching volcano! 
The distant scene was distorted by the high temperature. 
He couldn’t help but start sweating. 
The heat was unbearable. 
“Damn, where am I? A volcano?” 
Lin Tian looked around in confusion, seeing no one, only endless volcanic rock paths. 
“Boom!” 
Suddenly, the volcanic crater not far away began to stir. 
A surge of golden, scalding lava spurted out! 
A large clump fell at Lin Tian’s feet, the ground sizzling and emitting a lot of white smoke. 
The heat wave made Lin Tian feel like he was melting. 
He thought it was an accident, but then the volcano erupted! 
Thousands of degrees of lava flowed out like a flood! 
Lin Tian kept running, but he couldn’t outrun it. 
He was engulfed and swallowed by the scorching lava. 
In the boiling lava, he saw his flesh instantly evaporate! The intense burning pain! 
It felt like he was about to die. 
In the sky. 
The Dream Demon laughed triumphantly, “Die forever with your dream, still wanting to kill me? Just a mere…” 
Before it could finish speaking, it saw a fire arrow shot towards it! 
There was no time to dodge, and it was directly hit and fell! 
The burning flames made it scream in pain, “How is this possible!” 
“This trick is good for fooling others, it’s too early to think about fooling me!” 
Lin Tian could be seen swimming and bathing in the lava. 
Indeed, the earlier experience felt more real than reality! 
If one’s will was not firm, they would really think they had died and never wake up again. 
He roughly understood its ability. If you believed you died in the dream, you would really die. 
It had tried to make Lin Tian think he was burned to death by the lava. 
Lin Tian not only didn’t die but could control his dream to fly, countless heavenly thunders striking down, shattering the entire dream! 
“Aargh!” 
In the dream, the Dream Demon suffered real damage, forcibly expelled from Lin Tian’s body, covered in wounds. 
Lin Tian opened his eyes, returning to reality, and while the Dream Demon was still disoriented, he attacked with his Elemental Hand Crossbow’s fire element. 
Unable to use Etherealization in time, it was ignited again. 
While injured, it couldn’t use Etherealization to dodge. 
It could only scream in pain in the flames, nearly burning to ashes. 
Lin Tian quickly rushed over and started devouring it, as it couldn’t etherealize with the flames. 
Bite after bite. 
Finally, he acquired the skill ‘Dream Control’, but unfortunately, despite eating most of it, he didn’t obtain Etherealization. 
That was the divine skill. 
He reached out to the remaining corpse, saying, “Abnormal Fusion!” 
A burst of black light shone from his palm, compressing the Dream Demon’s body into a small ball, which he absorbed. 
Directly merging it as part of his body. 
In the future, he could turn into a spirit and enter others’ dreams to control them. 
This was a skill that could only be activated under specific conditions. If an ordinary goblin devoured and acquired this skill, it still wouldn’t be able to enter someone else’s dreams. 
(PS: Previously, it was written to be able to give someone dreams; I think it’s more appropriate to change it to entering the opponent’s dream. Sorry about that, dear readers.) 
(Though it seems like an apology, it’s actually just padding the word count. Smiles smugly.) 
“Little Tian, you’re okay? You actually survived the Dream Demon’s power, unlike the Iguana Lord who suffered greatly!” The Cannibal Eagle exclaimed in amazement. 
He remembered that the last time the Iguana Lord came out, it went insane, killing everyone on sight. Who knew what it had experienced inside. 
Lin Tian shrugged, “I’m fine, let’s go.” 
This time, the harvest was quite rich, and he didn’t lose his lordship. It was fine to let Gobu Shan take over. 
Moreover, using Abnormal Fusion for the first time felt quite good. 
Now, in a sense, he was no longer a goblin but an undead. 
After parting with the Cannibal Eagle, Lin Tian returned to the Tian Kuang Tribe, planning to bring Gobu Shan to take over the Southern Lord position. 
At this point, the Sword Saintess hadn’t woken up yet, having exhausted too much energy, 
She slept for an entire day. 
Her sleeping posture was enchanting, though her expression seemed like she was having a nightmare. 
Lin Tian didn’t care and directly activated dream control. 
In the next second, his body felt light, turning into a wisp of black smoke that entered her mind. 
“Kill that goblin!” 
“And punish that whore, the Sword Saintess! She can’t be forgiven!” 
“How could she commit such acts while holding a holy position? It’s unforgivable!” 
“Shame! The greatest shame in the history of the holy order!” 
As soon as he entered, he heard a burst of noise. 
Lin Tian floated in the air, and below was a city with many people gathered in a parade of protest. 
Listening carefully, he heard someone sobbing. 
At first glance, he noticed a young girl surrounded in the center of the crowd, wearing a dirty nightgown, her hair disheveled, sitting helplessly on the ground, curled up. 
She covered her ears tightly, crying. 
“Isn’t that the Sword Saintess? What’s with all these people around?” 
Lin Tian couldn’t help but feel curious that she would have such a dream. 
He remembered her saying something about being harmed by the residents. It was easy to infer that the residents had coerced her into killing the goblin she birthed. 
But she, wanting to atone, couldn’t bear to kill it. 
That’s how the conflict and parade arose. 
The people she had protected now turned against her, making her fear and cry. 
Lin Tian’s lips curled up slightly, thinking it was perfect, 
This state was ideal for driving her completely towards corruption. 
“Buzz!” 
Suddenly, a beam of golden light appeared in the sky over the city! 
Lin Tian transformed himself into a figure shrouded in the golden light, with a pair of angel wings and a halo above his head. 
He looked down at the people below. 
Then he controlled those people to kneel, “Lord God! Lord God has manifested!” 
“Hallelujah! God, bless us!” 
“Finally seeing God, it’s wonderful!” 
Seeing this, Alicenia in her dream gradually stopped crying. 
But she still sobbed a few times. 
She slowly raised her head, her soul seemingly touched by the golden light. 
Having strived for the holy position for half her life, it was the first time she had seen God. How could she not be deeply shaken? 
Seeing her reaction, Lin Tian thought it was very effective, so he further controlled the people in the dream. 
A resident suddenly showed a fierce look, pointing at the Sword Saintess, “Look, it’s that witch! Desecrating the holy order, the Lord God has come to punish her!” 
“Kill her!” 
“She deserves to die!” 
“Unforgivable!!!” 
Everyone gritted their teeth, their hateful gazes like blades pressing against the Sword Saintess’s neck. 
Forcing her to step back repeatedly. 
Suddenly, she found herself at the edge of a cliff with no way back. 
Finally, Alicenia cried out, “Lord God, save me! Please forgive me!” 
Lin Tian waved his hand, and those residents pushing her back seemed to be paused, only the Sword Saintess could move. 
Then he spoke in a gentle, holy voice, “Holy one, Alicenia, do you know what sins you have committed?” 
“I… I killed the people I was supposed to protect…” 
Alicenia said, kneeling on the ground, tears streaming down her face. 
But Lin Tian shook his head, “Killing imperial soldiers and causing the death of comrades are minor sins. Accept your role and birth the goblins, and I will forgive you.” 
Upon hearing this, Alicenia was first delighted, then surprised, “Lord God, have I committed other sins?” 
Looking at the residents, Lin Tian said, “You are protecting a bunch of demons, selfish and petty people, greedy, violent, indulging in lust and wealth, holding high power, enjoying resources that should not belong to them! They are the demons… 
This sin can never be forgiven.” 
“Wha… what?” 
Alicenia was in a daze, unable to believe what she heard. 
The people she protected were actually demons? 
Thinking carefully, the hardships she had suffered seemed to be caused by them. 
Without them, her longtime comrades wouldn’t have died. 
She wouldn’t have been punished by God. 
The evil she endured, all granted by him, weren’t they demons to her? 
When she looked ahead again, those residents had indeed turned into red-skinned demons with hideous faces! 
They moved again, clawing and biting, attacking her. 
Looking again, Alicenia found herself in her platinum armor with her holy sword. 
Seeing this, Alicenia didn’t hesitate and charged into the crowd, starting a massacre! 
“You demons! Stop speaking!” 
The cold edge of her blade exploded! 
The ‘demons’ screamed and fled, but none could escape the sword’s judgment, blood flowing everywhere, forming a river. 
Alicenia, covered in blood, stood on the pile of corpses, panting heavily. 
But when she saw the bodies clearly, she was so frightened that she collapsed, dropping her sword, “How… how can this be! It wasn’t me!” 
Those bodies turned back into residents. 
Staring at Alicenia, they seemed to be accusing her of her crimes. 
Just like the battle at Bright Town. 
Lin Tian quickly comforted her, “Child, why are you afraid?” 
“Lord God, I killed people… woo woo woo…” Alicenia cried. 
Lin Tian walked to her, his tall and majestic figure, extending a hand, “I told you, they are no different from demons. You protected them countless times, yet they wanted to kill you. Who else but demons would do such a thing?” 
Amidst a series of manipulative words. 
Alicenia’s clouded eyes began to clear, filled with evil and darkness! 
She stopped crying and extended her hand. 
“I understand, Lord God…” 
This reaching out was like stepping into true darkness and corruption. 
Lin Tian’s eyes flashed with a sense of accomplishment, “From now on, you are to slaughter these demons.” 
“Then, how can I regain my holy power?” Alicenia asked anxiously. 
In her subconscious, she still wanted God’s forgiveness. 
Lin Tian thought for a moment, “When these demons are completely eradicated, and you must also help the one beside you, he is my messenger sent to punish the demons… remember!” 
After speaking, the dream shattered. 
Only endless darkness remained. 
Alicenia knelt in the abyss, seemingly never able to climb out. 
2k words. Break for a day. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 74: The Lord’s Coronation Ceremony, First Declaration 
TL: Sungmin  
Lin Tian emerged from her dream, wiping the sweat from his forehead. He hadn’t expected it to be so exhausting. 
But at least, he had thoroughly dealt with this Sword Saintess. 
In a dream, those with weak wills couldn’t distinguish between reality and illusion. 
In reality, when we dream, it always feels very real, especially when dreaming of falling off a cliff or dropping from a height. 
The whole person would be jolted awake with fright. 
If it had been the former Sword Saintess, she certainly could have noticed something was wrong, but in this state, there was no possibility. 
“From now on, you shall no longer be called the Sword Saintess.” 
Lin Tian looked at her sleeping form and gave a cold smile. 
Moments ago, her face had been filled with the expressions of a nightmare, but now it was very peaceful. 
To be safe, he secretly added another layer of the Blood of Ruin on her. 
She must not regain her holy powers. 
The next day. 
Alicenia woke up slowly, her emotions much more stable than before. 
However, the once resolute and sacred look in her eyes now sent chills down one’s spine, like an exposed sword. 
Any carelessness and one would be hurt by her. 
Seeing she seemed very hungry, Lin Tian brought some roasted meat and fruits, “Eat, we need to complete the mission bestowed upon us by God…” 
Stunned! 
Alicenia’s expression shook, looking at him in astonishment, “How do you know? Are you the messenger?” 
She thought she had just had a dream, believing it was a conversation with God. 
But now, she was absolutely certain! 
The messenger God mentioned by her side was this goblin! 
“Shh, divine will must not be revealed…” 
Lin Tian said, putting on an air of mystery, and prepared to leave after placing the food down. 
However, Alicenia stopped him, “Wait a moment, what should I do next?” 
“I will tell you when the time comes.” 
Then, 
Lin Tian found Ifreya, who was with Gobu Yue and the others, “How come you’re only level 60? Your overall score is barely a thousand…” 
“Master, I’m sorry, I will strive to improve.” 
Ifreya knelt on the ground like a reprimanded dog, quickly apologizing. 
Lin Tian stroked her fragrant soft hair and asked, “How long have you been learning magic?” 
“I only studied for a year before following my senior out for training, there is still much I haven’t learned…” Ifreya explained. 
That senior was Loder. 
Lin Tian was slightly surprised, this meant her talent was quite good. 
Worth continuing to cultivate. 
He then gathered all the goblins, “You all must have been idle for a while, want to plunder some treasures, women, and food?” 
“Boss, absolutely!” Gobu Kuang spoke up first. 
The other goblins were even more restless. 
Looking at these five thousand small goblins, over a thousand big variants, and a hundred hero variants, Lin Tian began to feel like a ruler. 
Because they had enough resources and means to improve their strength. 
Overall, their strength was much higher than the normal scale. 
Plus, with the Sword Saintess, there was no problem repelling the ten-thousand elite soldiers from before. 
However, this time their opponents were much weaker than those ten thousand soldiers. 
A human city a few hundred miles from the Great Tomb, ‘Clinforth’. 
He had already scouted it, it could be easily taken down. 
Lin Tian then ordered, “Alright, then put on your equipment, we’re setting off immediately!” 
The goblins’ nature was to plunder, kill, and indulge in desires. 
Being cooped up here, even Lin Tian was getting restless. 
It was time to have some fun. 
“Clinforth, are we going to slaughter them?” 
Nearby, Alicenia had already put on the clothes and equipment prepared for her and asked. 
She was now dressed in pitch-black rusty armor, emitting an aura of evil blackness, contrasting starkly with her pure and holy face. 
But the cold murderous intent in her eyes was her true nature now. 
Lin Tian nodded, “Are you prepared for that?” 
“Naturally, I am prepared for the mission of God. Those damned and detestable demons brought me ten years of suffering…” 
Alicenia clenched her fists tightly, filled with hatred as she recalled the hardships she endured since becoming the Sword Saintess. 
Now, she no longer cared about any responsibilities. 
It was time for revenge. 
Lin Tian arranged the battle plan for this operation and instructed Ifreya, “You follow me, I’ll take you to get some magic books, understand?” 
“Thank you immensely, my great master.” Ifreya bowed and said firmly. 
According to intelligence, Clinforth’s lord was a white-hat mage, far stronger than those gray-hat mages before. 
As a mage, he surely had many magic books, which was why Lin Tian chose to attack here. 
In the hierarchy of mages, there were the levels of Mage Apprentice, Mage, Grand Mage, Gray Hat, Purple Hat, White Hat, Archmage, and Grand Archmage. 
The army was ready to set off. 
Lin Tian rode at the front on a dragon, commanding thousands of goblins to advance! 
This time, almost everyone was mobilized, leaving only Gobu Shan and a small group of goblins back at the tribe. 
He needed to wait for news from the cannibal eagle and be ready to appoint the Southern Lord at any moment. 
“Boss, I just remembered, didn’t the Great Tomb sign some sort of contract with the church?” Gobu Tian flew to Lin Tian at this moment. 
He had evolved into a leader variant, and his intelligence had greatly increased. 
Not only him, but the entire tribe of goblins, even the low-level ones, were nearly as intelligent as normal humans. 
Lin Tian had established a diet that included no raw meat, but plenty of nuts, vegetables, and fish, all beneficial for brain development. 
“The Great Tomb has already broken ties with the church, don’t worry.” 
Lin Tian said. 
He was already a habitual offender, so why fear this? 
Most importantly, he wanted Alicenia to massacre the city, to show the Lionheart Empire what their Guardian Holy Sword had become. 
… 
Clinforth. 
It was actually a city named after the castle in its center. 
It was a large town with over twenty thousand residents, including many adventurers and soldiers. 
The hottest topic in the city was the Sword Saintess giving birth to a goblin and then escaping and disappearing. 
Inside the castle. 
A banquet was in progress. 
On a long rectangular table covered with a red cloth were various delicious dishes. 
Seated on both sides were over a dozen noble scions with refined manners. 
At the head of the table sat an elderly man with a serious and solemn expression, the White Hat Mage, Clin. 
He slowly cut a piece of tender beef with a knife, eating as he spoke, “The empire’s scouts have reported that they predict the Sword Saintess might be in our city, did you know?” 
In front of him were his offspring and close friends. 
Unfortunately, they all shook their heads. 
They spent their days in pleasure and leisure, paying no mind to such matters. 
Hearing this, a little girl with purple curly hair spoke up, “Grandfather, I heard that the Sword Saintess was defiled by a goblin and is now raising the goblin’s child, is that true?” 
Her name was ‘Avril,’ Clin’s granddaughter. 
Not yet sixteen, she was already a Purple Hat Mage, a prodigy. 
The other direct descendants envied her deeply. 
For the future inheritor of Clinforth would undoubtedly be Avril. 
At this moment, a richly dressed middle-aged man interrupted, “Avril, you’re too young to be concerned with these things.” 
“Father, what’s wrong with it? Saint Jeanne of the Faroia Empire led her people to liberation from slavery at seventeen!” Avril spoke like a little adult, full of pride. 
The middle-aged man was about to scold her when Clin interrupted, “Avril’s concern for the empire will make her a good inheritor of Clinforth, and I can entrust it to her with peace of mind.” 
In the Lionheart Empire, sixteen was already considered an adult. 
And Avril would be sixteen the day after tomorrow, which was also the day she would inherit the lordship of Clinforth. 
The proposal had already been submitted to the Lionheart Emperor and received approval. 
After all, a Purple Hat Mage in her teens deserved it, especially as Clin’s granddaughter. 
“As for the Sword Saintess, hmph, don’t follow her example. She desecrated her holy office by raising a goblin in the church. Though I had some rapport with her before, I can’t condone such actions. It’s an offense to both man and God!” 
Clin swallowed the beef and sighed deeply. 
Avril sneered, “So she’s a whore. If I see her, I’ll certainly teach her a lesson.” 
“Avril! You’ve gone too far!” 
Suddenly, her father stood up, the sound of clattering dishes ringing harshly! 
The atmosphere grew tense. 
But Avril just gave her father a sideways glance, “Did I say anything wrong? Don’t treat me like a child, rest up and don’t strain your back.” 
Compared to her, her father had a mediocre aptitude, barely comprehending magic, and had wasted most of his life. 
Under everyone’s gaze, he could only storm off in anger. 
Clin continued to dote on her, “Calling her a whore isn’t wrong, but teaching her a lesson isn’t necessary. Report it to the scouts, and she’ll face judgment.” 
“I understand, Grandfather, you’re the best, unlike Father who only gets angry.” Avril grinned, showing her white rabbit teeth. 
Clin laughed, “Eat up, rest well for the next few days, and prepare to become the lord!” 
Time flew by. 
Three days later. 
On the castle plaza of Clinforth, a long red carpet was laid out, flanked by armored soldiers. 
Flowers, music, everything was in place. 
The plaza was crowded with residents, many holding flowers and cheering in celebration. 
“Long live Lord Avril!” 
“With the Clin family protecting us, we’re honored!” 
“Such a beautiful young lady, probably the youngest lord ever. I envy her future husband.” 
“Watch your mouth. But honestly, so beautiful and powerful, it’s enviable.” 
As the majestic music played! 
Avril, in a purple and white rose gown and with her straight hair styled, looked especially stunning. 
Her youthful innocence added a layer of untouchable holiness. 
She smiled, revealing her two white rabbit teeth, and walked slowly to the front of the plaza. 
Clin held a golden lord’s badge, smiling as he watched her approach. 
He couldn’t stop smiling with joy. 
Avril stood before him, ready for the ceremony. 
As the badge was placed on her, she became the lord of the town, the youngest female lord in history! 
Cheers erupted! 
Avril, excited, said, “Thank you all for your love! I will do better than Grandfather, ensuring happier lives for everyone! And I promise never to desecrate my holy office like the Sword Saintess!” 
Mention of the Sword Saintess made the crowd’s expressions change. 
Most cursed, while some felt pity. 
“We believe in you, Lord Avril!” 
“Long live! I want to be Lady Avril’s dog!” 
“My Avril, my Avril (sobs).” 
Avril continued, “If anyone finds her, report it immediately. Her crimes are growing, and the church and empire will punish her! Justice will be served to the people!” 
Blasphemy, in a theocratic era, was a crime warranting death to entire families. 
Daring to defy could mean death to ten families. 
Since the goblin incident in the imperial city, the Sword Saintess had been the focus of public outrage. 
“Hahaha, just taking office and already thinking of Clinforth and the empire, my good granddaughter!” 
Clin couldn’t help but smile with satisfaction. 
From a distance in the sky, Lin Tian observed everything in the city. 
He sneered, “Keeping up with current events, I see. The new lord’s first declaration is to capture the Sword Saintess for the nation. Very well, you’ll see her soon enough.” 
Jk update today! Your welcome! 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 75: The Battle Begins 
TL: Sungmin  
Next, Avril continued to deliver her succession speech. 
From the reactions of the residents, it seemed there were no grievances against her. 
Lin Tian then stopped paying attention to the situation here and instead surveyed the entire city, looking for a suitable breakthrough point. 
Now, most of the troops and residents were gathered around the castle. 
Especially the top-tier combat forces. 
It seemed any direction could be used to breach the city. 
No need to overthink it, the entire city had a total of five thousand troops, only two thousand of which were fully armored soldiers, the rest were lightly armored. 
Even with the addition of a thousand adventurers, Lin Tian was confident. 
After all, Alice was also here. 
Three kilometers outside the city. 
The goblin army had already set up camp. 
Alice, holding the black iron sword previously owned by Kasimov and wearing rusted black armor, looked somewhat sinister. 
Standing at the forefront of the army, she had a commanding presence. 
“Gobu Kuang, break the gate!” 
Lin Tian, riding a wyvern, ordered. 
Led by him, a squad of ten hero variant goblins carried a massive tree trunk and began to charge! 
The entire army followed closely behind. 
The soldiers stationed on the city walls were stunned at the sight, “Damn, goblins! It’s a goblin invasion!” 
“Hurry and notify the lord!” 
A scout, terrified, ran towards the castle of Clin. 
The remaining soldiers looked at each other, completely demoralized. 
They exchanged glances and prepared to flee. 
Unfortunately, several gunshots rang out as the elves had already climbed onto the walls. 
With long-barreled muskets made by Lin Tian, they easily dispatched the soldiers. 
Including the scout. 
Lia couldn’t help but exclaim, “This is much better than bows and arrows.” 
“Boom!” 
The thick oak gate emitted a pained groan. 
With just one strike, it was breached! 
Because the battering ram was specially made, with an iron spike wrapped around the head, maximizing the impact pressure. 
Then, the remnants of the gate were thoroughly cleared away. 
The goblins laughed wickedly as they charged into the city! 
Even the weakest low-level goblins were clad in plate armor and helmets. This army would make the empire’s commanders sigh in disbelief. 
The resources within the Great Tomb were abundant and largely untapped, something Lin Tian had utilized well. 
Entering the city, the goblins didn’t immediately rush into residents’ homes to start looting and killing like before. 
They had been ordered to save that for after the battle. 
With increased intelligence, suppressing their instincts became easier. 
Lin Tian commanded, “First, destroy the major weapons! Then gather at my location!” 
Saying this, he rode his wyvern to a ballista, “Dragon Flame!” 
A fiery breath incinerated the ballista! 
This finally alerted the people at Clin Castle. 
“Enemy attack!!! It’s a dragon!” 
A soldier suddenly shouted, looking into the distance. 
The place erupted into chaos. 
Residents began fleeing to their homes. 
On the platform, Avril remained calm, “Everyone, don’t panic. Those who can, go to the shelter! Soldiers, prepare to slay the dragon!” 
“Hmph, dare to interrupt my granddaughter’s succession. You continue, I’ll handle this!” 
White-Hat Clin said coldly, his face shadowed. 
Hearing this, the soldiers looked at Avril. 
In terms of authority, she was now the city lord and they had to listen to her. 
Avril bowed, “Thank you, grandfather. Everyone, continue. Today is still my birthday. I will distribute food and gifts to everyone in the name of the Clin family!” 
But when Clin left the castle and stood on a high building to observe. 
He realized something was wrong. 
In the city, a dense goblin army was quietly approaching! 
And the southern gate was breached. 
It had been too noisy in the castle to hear anything! 
“All soldiers, to battle! Goblin invasion!” 
Clin, ignoring the wyvern, turned and shouted. 
Lin Tian glanced at him, recognizing the white hat as the strongest magician here. 
Through the system, he could see Clin’s overall strength was 3900, not weak. 
When he were younger, it might’ve even reached 4000. 
Surprisingly, the new city lord, Avril, was also young with a combat power of 3500. 
No wonder she could become the city lord. 
Hearing Clin’s voice, Avril was momentarily stunned, “Goblins? Soldiers, deal with these low-level monsters quickly! Then come back for drinks!” 
The onlooking residents also relaxed. 
They had thought it was a dragon invasion, but it was just goblins. 
No need to worry too much. 
A large number of soldiers began to move, splitting into several streams, advancing towards different streets. 
At this moment, Lin Tian had already destroyed all the major weapons and gathered all the goblins on the streets below. 
Seeing the advancing soldiers, he gave a command, “Attack!” 
Gobu Kuang roared and hurled several fireballs down a distant street, blocking one direction of the enemy, “Kill those over there first!” 
Immediately, all the goblins charged down one street! 
The fully armored soldiers at the front were stunned when they saw a group of goblins several times their size! 
They tried to turn back, but the way was blocked, making escape impossible. 
With one axe strike, Gobu Kuang cleaved a soldier in half, armor and all! 
The soldiers behind roared and launched an attack, as if making a final stand, shouting about bonds or something. 
Yet, they were cut down by Gobu Kuang like slicing through melons and vegetables. 
Seeing soldiers on the adjacent street about to break through the magical flames, the Overlord variant led a team of goblins to slaughter them. 
The power of the Overlord variant was just slightly weaker than Gobu Kuang. 
With one fierce roar, dozens of fully armored soldiers were killed instantly. 
No amount of armor could withstand the sound waves. 
Thus, the battle began, a mad slaughter. 
Clin fixed his gaze on Lin Tian, “Is that… the low-level goblin? One that can control a dragon? So you’re the goblin responsible for the Sword Saintess’ downfall?!” 
“Is that so? I didn’t expect my reputation to be so great.” 
Lin Tian, riding the dragon, circled around Clin as he spoke. 
As long as he could disrupt and prevent Clin from attacking, that was enough. 
Magic was an extremely terrifying form of attack, with wide coverage and strong firepower. 
If Clin made a move, Lin Tian’s goblins wouldn’t last long. 
Clin’s eyes were shadowy, “Hmph, truly not simple. Interfering so I can’t attack, but have you thought of the consequence? That is… you will die here!” 
As he finished speaking, he took out a white crystal block, which emitted a dazzling light! 
He began chanting, “Super-tier Magic · Meteor from Beyond!” 
“Boom boom boom!” 
A powerful oppressive force descended from the sky! 
Lin Tian looked up to see a meteor locking onto him, falling and igniting from the friction with the air. 
He couldn’t help but sigh, “Starting with super-tier magic? Truly worthy of a White Hat Mage, and it’s a homing spell.” 
A homing spell couldn’t be dodged no matter what. 
It could only be taken head-on, or avoided with an extraordinary movement technique. 
Lin Tian, riding the wyvern, flew directly towards the distant castle. 
Because controlling the meteor prevented Clin from using other spells, unless he canceled the casting himself. 
“Hmph, you can’t escape.” 
Clin coldly smiled, preparing to kill Lin Tian with one strike. 
This would greatly enhance his fame in the empire, after all, this was the goblin that had bested the Sword Saintess multiple times. 
Now the public enemy of the entire empire! 
Lin Tian said, “Faster, Xiao Huan!” 
Behind him, the heat wave from the meteor surged closer, about to collide. 
“I’ll give you a big gift!” 
Lin Tian coldly smiled, looking at the castle and the residents in the distance. 
He then signaled Xiao Huan to dive! 
“A dragon! A dragon is coming!” 
“Something scarier than the dragon is behind it! It’s a meteor!” 
“Run!” 
The previously calm residents were now in a panic, but there was nowhere to run. 
A meteor the size of a house had an impact that would vaporize everything within a hundred meters. 
Just as they were about to crash to the ground, Lin Tian said, “Use what I taught you!” 
“Roar!” 
Xiao Huan breathed dragon flames directly at the ground! 
Creating a nitrogen brake! 
The speed suddenly halted, and with a flap of its wings, they narrowly avoided the meteor’s pursuit! 
“Not good!!” 
On the city wall, Avril saw the meteor and quickly took out a purple spherical magic crystal, “Super-tier Magic · Space Rift!” 
“Crack crack crack!” 
The space tore open instantly! 
A pitch-black rift appeared in front of the meteor, which fell directly into it. 
Avril wiped the fragrant sweat from her forehead, and when she looked at Lin Tian again, he was gone. 
Failing to carry out his plan, Lin Tian quickly returned to prevent Clin from attacking the goblin army. 
Seeing him return unscathed, Clin was astonished, “Impossible! Where is my meteor?!” 
There was no explosion, the meteor couldn’t have disappeared for no reason. 
Lin Tian said irritably, “Your granddaughter is indeed formidable, otherwise, the castle would have turned to ashes.” 
“Lord Clin! We can’t hold on much longer! Please help!” 
Below, a commander’s voice rang out. He was severely injured, dragging a broken arm while retreating. 
The soldiers rushing forward to protect him were either dead or dying. 
Seeing this, Clin couldn’t afford to worry about Lin Tian, and quickly cast a healing spell, “Super-tier Magic · Earth Nourishment!” 
This was exactly what Lin Tian had hoped for, as he activated his Elemental Hand Crossbow to its highest wind element setting. 
“Whoosh!” 
A piercing sound of wind shot towards Clin. 
Clin knew things were bad and had to interrupt his spellcasting, barely blocking the attack with a hastily cast shield. 
Gritting his teeth in rage, he shouted, “Damn goblin! If you want to fight, then fight fair! Don’t play dirty!” 
Lin Tian shrugged innocently, “Are you morally blackmailing me? Sorry, goblins have no morals.” 
“We’re retreating!” 
Clin, gritting his teeth, had no choice but to say. Continuing like this, the army would be completely consumed. 
Better to retreat to the castle and hold the position, where he could fight to his full strength. 
As for the remaining residents, those who hadn’t fled to the shelter could only rely on fate. 
“Retreat!” The commander shouted.  
Now, it didn’t matter if Clin was still the city lord. Survival was most important. 
But even the retreat wasn’t peaceful. 
Numerous low-level goblins had already sneaked through the buildings, reaching the soldiers’ rear. 
They would grab a fully armored soldier and bury him alive, or if that failed, they would pour excrement and boiling water into the gaps of the armor. 
The retreating soldiers were thrown into disarray. 
Lin Tian found it amusing, “Even low-level goblins have some combat capability. It’s surprising they know to use boiling water. Their intelligence is higher than I thought.” 
Thus, of the three thousand retreating soldiers, a thousand were consumed by the low-level goblins. 
Clin, seeing the corpses scattered all over the city, trembled with rage! 
But losing control now would disrupt his plans. 
At his age, such things couldn’t make him lose his mind, “Enter the castle! Block the gate!” 
Clin Castle had an additional wall of its own, as it had once been just a small castle. 
It gradually developed into a town. 
Thus, the goblins were kept outside the wall. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 76: Hope or Despair? 
TL: Sungmin  
Lin Tian commanded once more, “Gobu Kuang, you guys grab your weapons.” 
Soon, they brought over the battering ram. 
Despite striking the sturdy gate several times, it did not break. 
Lin Tian flew up and discovered that behind the gate was a round giant stone, larger than the gate itself! 
No wonder. 
“Shoot! Kill them!” 
At this moment, an icy, hateful voice from atop the city wall echoed; a large number of archers appeared. 
Dense arrows rained down on the goblin army like a downpour. 
Fortunately, every goblin wore armor, and only a few were killed. 
The rest all retreated outside the range of the arrows. 
Inside Clin Castle, thousands of residents gathered in the square, watching the soldiers return in disarray. They all fell into deep fear. 
They had already retreated here. 
This meant that Clin Castle was about to fall. 
The soldiers’ commander was on the verge of collapse. “Are these really Goblins? They are clearly an elite force! All wearing armor and wielding iron weapons! Especially the high-tier ones, their strength is unmatched!!! 
We lost three thousand men, and they only lost a few hundred! And they outnumber us two to three times!” 
Hearing this, the residents became even more terrified. 
They didn’t know what to do. 
Someone suddenly murmured, “If only the Sword Saintess were here…” 
But then, they closed their mouth again. 
Suddenly, a young but confident female voice rang out, “Everyone, have you forgotten my earlier declaration? Our Clin family will be at the forefront! We won’t let anything happen to you!” 
Avril appeared on the city wall. 
Accompanying her were numerous Clin family mages. 
“With us here, this place will be the strongest fortress! No one will be able to step inside! Right, Grandpa?” Avril smiled lightly as she spoke. 
Her words provided deep comfort to everyone, and her smile seemed to melt their fears away. 
Moved to tears, they couldn’t help but express their gratitude. 
“Lord Avril… we owe you so much!” 
“She’s so young, yet so responsible and mission-driven, it’s deeply touching!” 
“I can’t believe the one standing there is just a young girl who has just come of age. May the Lord bless her!!” 
Clin also came to the wall, loudly proclaiming, “With us here, those Goblins dare not come close!” 
By this time, Lin Tian had reorganized his troops and approached with shields. 
With a few more strikes, the gate could still be broken. 
Impenetrable fortress? 
In Lin Tian’s eyes, an impenetrable fortress was not worth attacking; he thrived on exploiting the weak! 
Why bully the weak if you could bully the strong? What kind of logic is that? 
Suddenly, fireballs descended from the sky! 
Even the armored Goblins couldn’t withstand the heat. 
Following this, lightning and explosions erupted! 
A massive magical assault rained down! 
Lin Tian frowned and ordered, “Gobu Kuang, retreat!” 
Only a few Goblins managed to escape. 
Of the twenty hero variants carrying the battering ram, twelve died. 
Avril smiled in satisfaction, “See, we easily killed over ten high-tier ones. They won’t dare come over again!” 
With mages leading, the focus was on covering firepower. 
Everyone’s anxious hearts calmed down. 
Clin mocked, “What, the goblins who defeated the Sword Saintess are only this capable? If not for a surprise attack, you’d all be dead!” 
Lin Tian, riding a flying dragon at a safe distance, said, “You, I didn’t want to do this, but you forced me.” 
“Hmph, so what if I force you? What can you do?” 
Avril, having learned to interject, responded with a proud and disdainful look on her face. 
Curious, she asked, “Grandpa, who is speaking?” 
Apart from seeing a dragon, she couldn’t see Lin Tian on its back. 
Clin didn’t explain but said, “Anyway, it was he who defeated the Sword Saintess.” 
Avril’s lips curled into a smile, “So, if I defeat him, does that mean I’m stronger than the Sword Saintess?” 
“Hahaha, my dear granddaughter, you’re right. He’s just a stepping stone on your path to glory.” 
The Clin family started chatting leisurely. 
Lin Tian’s eyes narrowed, emitting a chilling aura. 
Turning back, he said, “Follow me, the rest stay here.” 
He then led Gobu Kuang, Gobu Tian, Gobu Shan, and dozens of hero variants toward the sanctuary. 
In the castle square, a resident nervously remarked, “Lord Avril, they’re not heading to…” 
“Don’t worry, the sanctuary has our magical barrier. They can’t break it.” 
Avril confidently replied. 
But soon, Clin’s old face showed a heavy expression, “Damn! The barrier is breaking!” 
In the distant part of the city, a pale yellow glow shot into the sky! 
It was a sign that the barrier was breaking. 
Outside the Sanctuary 
A pale yellow magic barrier composed of countless diamond-shaped light blocks blocked Lin Tian and his group. 
Even when Lin Tian used all his strength to stab with his dagger, he couldn’t leave a mark and was instead flung away. 
The other hero variants attacked madly, clanging away for a long time with no effect. 
It looked as thin as a cicada’s wing. 
But it was as thick as a steel wall. 
At this moment, Gobu Kuang said, “Boss, you all step back and let me try. High-Pressure Domain!” 
Centered around him, the air seemed to vibrate. 
One second, ten seconds, the surrounding ground began to collapse, with many cracks appearing. 
One minute, two minutes, three minutes. 
A tiny crack started to appear in a corner of the barrier! 
Finally, with a “snap!” 
It completely shattered! 
There is a saying: fight magic with magic. Under Gobu Kuang’s High-Pressure Domain, the surrounding gravity slowly intensified. 
The activation took a long time, but once accumulated, even steel would be compressed into iron sheets. 
The magic barrier, like tempered glass, was very hard. 
But if you concentrated the attack on one point, the whole glass would shatter instantly! 
The last wooden door could now be easily opened. 
What came into view were pairs of terrified eyes, bloodshot, staring at the leader. 
People’s hearts raced, and their breathing was rapid and irregular. 
There were despairing old men and women holding children, hurriedly burying their children’s faces in their chests, not daring to let them see the scene before them. 
A few men, their bodies trembling, summoned all their courage to step forward. 
But before they got close, they were pierced by bone spikes rising from the ground. 
They wanted to be heroes, but heroes always had to die. 
The evolved Gobu Shan could now control the range of the evil bones even further. 
The men’s tragic deaths ignited a bomb within the crowd! 
The children and women cried out in fear, wanting to escape, but there was no place to run in the crowded sanctuary of over ten thousand people. 
“Where is Lord Avril?! Why isn’t she here!” 
“Can someone save us? Anyone!” 
“The Sword Saintess… I wish the Sword Saintess were here to save us!” 
Looking at these people, Lin Tian’s eyes were filled with coldness and indifference.  
“Do it.” 
Then, Gobu Tian slowly closed the wooden door. 
Since the people in the castle wouldn’t come out, they had to find a way to make them come out. 
In distant Clin Castle, Avril and the others could hear the cries from the sanctuary. 
The residents and soldiers behind were restless and fearful! 
Because their families and children were in the sanctuary. 
The commander couldn’t help but shout, “Lord! Old Lord! Open the gate, we need to save them!” 
“If we go out now, we will surely die. This is our last stronghold!” 
Clin gritted his teeth, not expecting the magic barrier he spent years creating to break so quickly. 
The screams sounded like a funeral dirge, echoing in the ears of the residents and soldiers. 
Pain and anger were clouding their minds. 
Finally, a soldier couldn’t bear it any longer, “I’m going to save them! Who’s with me? Let’s go!” 
A resident steeled his heart, “Count me in! Let’s go!” 
“What are you doing! Stop it, I can protect you here!” 
Avril pleaded, but it was no use. 
Soldiers and residents together pushed aside the giant stone, opened the gate, and rushed out! 
Their families were being slaughtered; they had no mind to linger and survive here. 
Avril and the others couldn’t understand because their families weren’t in the sanctuary. 
Seeing this, the previously ordered army launched a full-scale assault! 
The two sides clashed like torrents! 
Clin exclaimed with delight, “A great opportunity! With the high-tier ones mostly gone, quickly eliminate these Goblins!” 
But before he could finish his sentence. 
Gunshots rang out! 
The archers on the wall, including three mages, fell simultaneously. 
Each had a bloody hole in their head. 
Avril, looking at her dead father, was full of grief. “Father! Who did this!” 
In the distance, Lia and a large group of elves were holding simple muskets, reloading. 
Muskets had a longer range and greater power than handguns. Previously, the magic barrier blocked the bullets. 
Now was the perfect time to strike. 
The soldiers and residents pouring out were slaughtered due to the narrow gate exit. 
They killed as many as came out. 
Clin had to use a high-tier magical shield to protect himself, or he would be shot. 
He couldn’t spare any effort to attack. 
Avril, in deep sorrow, asked, “Why are elves mixed with Goblins, and why is their attack so accurate and powerful!” 
“I don’t know, but elves also hate humans.” Clin explained. 
Humans often captured elves as female slaves, and the most expensive sex trade involved elves. 
At this moment, several mages who thought they could dodge bullets with their movements fell dead on the spot. 
Lia laughed, putting the musket to her lips and blowing on it, “Are they mocking my aim? Ridiculous.” 
Seeing the situation spiral out of control, Clin gritted his teeth and said, “Ultimate Magic · Gate of Heaven!” 
His magic orb shot up a white beam! 
A massive magical wall separated the two spaces! 
The wall was huge, connecting heaven and earth, spanning half the city horizontally! 
It looked like a gate to heaven. 
No matter how the Goblins attacked, it remained unmoved. Lia fired at it, and the iron bullets shattered to pieces. 
Avril, still holding her father and siblings’ bodies, was full of sorrow. 
The soldiers and residents suffered heavy casualties, the survivors retreating back. 
Despair and fear spread throughout the castle. 
Clin, sweating profusely, said in pain, “Avril, you must escape; the Gate of Heaven won’t last long!” 
At this moment, a soldier ran over anxiously, “Lord Avril, the back door of the castle is blocked by Goblins!” 
After dealing with the people in the sanctuary, Lin Tian anticipated the next move and guarded the back door in advance. 
At this moment, Clin could barely stand, almost collapsing. 
The Gate of Heaven flickered, on the verge of closing. 
“Why is this happening… How can these Goblins be so strong…” 
Clin, head bowed, was full of unwillingness. 
This battle was almost one-sided, as if they were being toyed with! 
The residents were utterly panicked, “Lord Avril, can’t you think of something! Can someone save us!” 
“Are we just going to wait for death?” 
“Lord, didn’t you promise to protect us in your declaration!” 
Avril, too, was full of tears. 
Surrounded by the bodies of her relatives. 
Her father had just used his life to shield her from a bullet. 
She had no heart left to continue fighting, being only sixteen. 
Only Clin remained steadfast, maintaining the Gate of Heaven and quickly thinking of a plan. 
But with danger ahead and behind, their forces destroyed! 
There was no strength left to resist. 
More terrifying than death was the process of waiting for death. 
“Look! That person on the rooftop!” 
At this moment, a resident shouted excitedly, pointing to a rooftop outside the city. 
A figure in black rusty armor stood there silently, seemingly out of place with everything else. 
The breeze blew, revealing her golden hair covering her face. 
Many people recognized her on the spot, “Sword Saintess! Alicenia!!!” 
“We’re saved!!” 
“Hahaha, we’re saved!” 
Inside the city, the people rejoiced wildly, almost dancing with joy! 
They laughed with twisted and mad glee. 
The feeling of surviving a disaster, the sense of security from escaping death! 
If asked who could bring this to the Lionheart Empire. 
There was only one person. 
The Guardian Holy Sword of the empire, tirelessly protecting the people day and night, Alicenia! 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 77: The Sword of Killing 
TL: Sungmin  
“Is it her, we…”  
Clin’s expression showed a moment of relief, but then he wavered. 
Previously, Avril had declared that she would capture the Sword Saintess and give an explanation to the entire nation.  
It was a move to win the people’s hearts. 
But now, in this moment of despair, everyone rejoiced at the appearance of the Sword Saintess. 
Even Avril was internally struggling and embarrassed. “Grandfather… will she save us?” 
Clin’s old face couldn’t muster a smile as he responded in a low voice, “She should. No, she definitely will.” 
In the current situation, even he thought they were certainly doomed. 
Blocked from front and back, their army had suffered heavy casualties. 
They were being beaten by the goblins. 
“Sword Saintess, please save us!!” 
“Woo woo woo, my Sword Saintess, you’ve finally come. We can rely on no one but you!” 
“We’re saved, we’re saved. I really thought I was going to die!” 
The residents spoke excitedly, reaching out and cheering. 
They were now very welcoming to Alice. 
Seeing their current demeanor, Alice’s gaze turned cold. She had been hiding, listening to their conversations. 
They had been clamoring to nail her to the cross for atonement. 
“The God wants me to live well, so now I only need to complete the mission given by the God… I’ve had enough of these demons in human skin!” 
Alice murmured as she drew out the black longsword! 
She directly activated a skill, “Super-tier Sword Skill · Iron Gale!” 
“Swish!” 
Several huge, tangible sword qi slashed towards the Gate of Heaven! 
The previously incredibly sturdy defense shattered like paper at that moment! 
Clin was shocked and fell off the city wall, completely stunned. “The Sword Saintess, she attacked my Gate of Heaven?” 
Even after being struck, he still couldn’t believe it! 
When he looked up, Alice was standing at the highest gate of the city wall, holding a longsword. 
Her blue eyes emitted an extremely intense, icy killing intent! 
Like ancient ice. 
It seemed that everyone she saw would die here. 
Clin’s heart trembled. Ignoring the pain from his fall, he hurriedly jumped up. “Sword, Sword Saintess! What are you doing!” 
Alice leapt out, but her strike missed. 
Without speaking, she attacked Clin again. 
“High-tier Magic Defense!” 
“Snap!” 
With a single strike, Clin’s most proud defensive magic shattered into sparkling fragments. 
Fragile as anything. 
Seeing this, Clin steeled his heart and shouted, “Avril, you all hide in the castle quickly! The Sword Saintess is acting strangely! Hurry!!!” 
He had a strong sense that the Sword Saintess intended to kill him, to kill all of them! 
Upon hearing this, the remaining members of Avril’s family quickly fled first. 
How could they care about anyone else? 
The remaining residents and soldiers were all stunned, fearfully moving closer to the Sword Saintess. 
Because a large number of goblins had already broken through the gate and swarmed into the castle square. 
But Lin Tian had given the order: they were not to act now. 
These people were to be killed by the Sword Saintess. 
The residents were finally relieved because Alice was blocking all the goblins. 
They felt completely safe. 
Even the children stopped crying. 
Lin Tian rode a flying dragon and slowly landed on the city wall, saying, “These people, to you, are demons, Alice. 
For ten years, you endured daily hardship and pain to protect them, dedicating yourself fully. Yet, because of one failure, they kept saying you blasphemed and should be nailed to the cross! 
If they’re not demons, who are? Remember, the God is with you.” 
Upon hearing this. 
Alice slowly turned her head, looking at the residents. 
This look scared the residents so much their hearts almost stopped! 
They all felt something was wrong, “Sword, Sword Saintess, don’t listen to the goblin’s temptation. We didn’t say we wanted to nail you to the cross!” 
“Yes, yes, yes, that was Avril saying it to gain prestige!” 
“That young woman is the real villain. If you want to kill, kill her. We still believe in you!” 
The residents fearfully explained. 
But Alice didn’t believe any of it. She had already heard it while hiding. 
Indeed, it was Avril who said it, but it was met with enthusiastic approval from all the residents. 
They even said they would build a monument to warn future generations. 
Not to blaspheme. 
Alice completely turned around, facing the residents and soldiers, holding her sword, slowly approaching. 
The commander of the soldiers stepped forward to beg for mercy, “Sword Saintess, we were wrong just now. We can…” 
Suddenly, the commander’s voice stopped abruptly. 
A blood line appeared across his head. 
Then, half of his head slid to the ground. 
He died on the spot! 
“I will use the methods I once used to slaughter monsters to deal with you, demons…”  
Alice directly charged into the crowd, cutting them down like slicing vegetables. 
Her sword never had a moment to dry, always stained with hot blood. 
Miserable screams echoed throughout the castle square, “No, Sword Saintess!! Don’t kill me, I apologize!” 
“I’m sorry! Please spare me!” 
“We admit our mistakes, can you let me go? Let my child go at least!” 
A large number of residents knelt behind, praying that Alice would show great mercy. 
But she had never shown mercy to monsters before. 
It was the same now. To her, humans were demons, monsters. 
No matter how much they begged, it couldn’t quell the anger that had been building up inside her. 
After a brief commotion, the square fell silent. 
Except for the goblins in the back, there were no signs of life among the thousands of people. 
Lin Tian couldn’t help but remark, “Hmph, this plot is somewhat similar to Jesus back then, isn’t it? Saving people all his life, only to be nailed to the cross by those he saved.” 
However,  
Alicenia did not possess the unwavering kindness of Jesus. 
Rather than being forced to death, she preferred others to die. 
Inside the castle, 
Avril and the others were packing up, preparing to escape through a secret passage. 
Lin Tian had already sent Gobu Kuang and the others inside to hunt them down. 
Then, he hurried to follow, to avoid them being overpowered. 
In a luxurious bedroom, Avril was packing her father’s relics, “Why did it turn out like this? Even the Sword Saintess betrayed humanity! Goblin, I will kill you!” 
At that moment, the sound of the floor shaking came from outside the bedroom. 
Avril immediately became alert, holding a magic orb. 
“Boom!” 
Gobu Kuang smashed through the wall, sending Avril flying. Fortunately, she landed on the bed, or she would have lost half her life. 
“Heh heh heh, the boss will be very happy if I capture her, right?” 
Seeing Avril struggling to get up on the bed, Gobu Kuang’s eyes lit up. 
However, she was a magic genius. She reacted immediately, “High-tier Magic · Multiple Light Wheels!” 
Several light wheels slashed towards Gobu Kuang. 
Forcing him to retreat repeatedly, his axe could only block part of his body, and he was covered in blood marks. 
If it weren’t for his high defense and tough skin, he would have been shredded. 
Regaining control, Avril directly activated infinite fire mode, “High-tier Magic · Punishing Spear!” 
“High-tier Magic · Air Cannon!” 
“High-tier Magic · Ominous Hand!” 
… 
For a moment, Gobu Kuang was forced to retreat, unable to get close. 
He also cast a spell, “Evil Hand!” 
Two arms glowing with blue flames extended from his back, reaching out towards Avril! 
Grabbing one of her small feet, he swung her towards the wall! 
She spat blood from the impact, feeling dizzy. 
She couldn’t resist for a moment. 
Another hand grabbed her neck, trying to choke her unconscious and take her away. 
Her face began to turn purple. 
“Super-tier Magic · Soul Drain!” 
In despair, Avril used a large amount of energy to cast a super-tier magic she hadn’t fully mastered. 
Anything that touched her had its soul temporarily drawn out! 
A control-clearing and counter-control skill. 
Gobu Kuang’s eyes rolled back, losing consciousness and standing still. 
Avril was also thrown to the ground, panting as she crawled up, feeling both relieved and proud, “Hmph, want to kill me? You go die first, you ugly goblin!” 
She then cast a magic light ball, sending Gobu Kuang flying dozens of meters away! 
He broke through the wall and flew from the high castle to the outer square. 
Avril used a magic potion to recover from the pain and fatigue. 
She cursed, “That damned slut, she actually betrayed humanity. Otherwise, how could I have fallen to this? When I become a Grand Archmage, I’ll settle the score one by one!!” 
With a face full of unwillingness and anger, Avril prepared to go to the secret room exit to meet her family. 
When she got downstairs, she found goblins had already entered. 
“Did the people outside die so quickly?!” 
Avril found it hard to believe. 
Suddenly, a hero variant, along with several big variants, charged upstairs! 
Faced with such an attack, she calmly activated her magic orb, “High-tier Magic · Multiple Light Wheels!” 
In an instant, 
The group of goblins was dismembered into pieces! 
With a face of disdain, Avril walked down the stairs through the corpses, but then noticed something. 
A small green figure flashed by the door. 
“Another ant?” 
Avril followed, not because she would chase down a low-level goblin. 
It just happened to be on her way to the secret room. 
When she reached the living room door, she saw a small figure cowering and crying behind the door. 
“Don’t kill me, woo woo woo, I won’t dare anymore, can you spare me?” 
The small goblin cried, trembling, with snot and tears all over its face. 
Pitiful and disgusting. 
Avril frowned in disdain, “Hmph, today you’re lucky. Don’t let me see you again.” 
She ignored it and walked directly to the basement. 
It was too disgusting. Killing it would dirty her hands. 
Besides, meeting her family was more important. The soldiers outside were all dead, and if the goblin army broke in, it would be dangerous. 
But just as she passed by. 
The small goblin’s eyes revealed a cold, evil killing intent! 
It suddenly jumped onto Avril’s back! 
Biting down hard! 
Avril screamed in pain, almost fainting, full of terror, “Ah! It hurts, what is this!” 
Holding her neck, she staggered back, leaning against the wall, barely able to stand. 
From her neck, blood flowed profusely, uncontrollably. 
“Am I going to die? Damn little goblin!! I don’t want to die!” 
Avril’s pupils trembled, her body convulsing, feeling suffocated! 
Seeing the warm blood on her hands, her legs gave way, and she sat on the ground. 
With no strength left, she couldn’t use high-tier healing magic, and the low-tier ones were useless. 
She started crying loudly, “Grandfather, someone save me, I’m dying!” 
With her crying, her heart beat faster, pumping blood out even quicker. 
Her neck turned into a river of blood. 
She hated the little goblin in front of her for pretending to be pitiful! 
“It’s all your fault, you evil, despicable goblin. Why did you bite me? I didn’t even kill you!” 
Avril wept, as if uttering her final words. 
The small goblin suddenly spoke, “Kekeke, little girl, your biggest mistake was being too arrogant.” 
He was not a low-level monster. 
He was Lin Tian. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 78: Great Gains, World-Class Magic 
TL: Sungmin  
Without lifting a finger, he could make a flower wither. 
Lin Tian suspected that this Clin Castle dungeon might be too weak. 
The reason he acted cautiously was to avoid attracting Clin and the others from the basement due to the noise of a fight. In such a confined space, it would be disadvantageous for him. 
A single spell could be impossible to dodge or block. 
Avril was already crying in fear, the pain and the process of waiting for death nearly driving her to collapse. 
She had no idea that this Small Goblin could be so cruel. 
His pitiful appearance when begging for mercy had caused her to let her guard down. 
Lin Tian said, “Didn’t find the magic book, but finding something better than a magic book isn’t bad either. Come on, let’s take advantage of the moment.” 
“Take advantage of the moment” meant literally. 
Otherwise, it might not feel as good later when it cooled down. 
But Avril didn’t understand, “Don’t eat me, I’m not tasty, can you save me? I can give you the magic book, I don’t want to die, boohoo.” 
At this moment, she was crying like a child. 
Helpless enough to seek help from a Goblin. 
“Still quite naive, huh? Have you ever encountered a Goblin before?” 
Lin Tian approached her like a big brother, asking as he got closer. 
Avril shook her head desperately, “No, can you save me? The magic book is in the castle’s secret room, I can take you there as long as you save me, don’t eat me.” 
Seeing her like this, anyone would feel pity. 
How could one bear to eat such a cute and helpless girl? 
Lin Tian patted her little head, lifted her soft long hair, and smelled it. It had the fragrance of a young girl. 
A feeling that made one dizzy. 
Then he comforted her, “Don’t worry, I won’t eat you, I will take good care of you.” 
“Thank you, thank you for caring for me…” 
Avril foolishly started thanking him. 
However, as Lin Tian got closer and closer, she felt a bit uneasy, “You, what are you going to do?” 
Lin Tian slowly pulled down her custom-made low-cut purple dress. 
Avril had already become weak due to excessive blood loss. 
She couldn’t resist no matter what others did to her, but her consciousness was very clear! 
Lin Tian did not use the God’s Blessing ability because there was no need. 
He also wanted to let this proud little girl know how cruel society could be. 
“No, didn’t you say you were going to save me? I can take you to find the magic book…” 
Avril said in a panic, starting to reason with him. 
A pitiful look as harmless as a human or animal. 
Lin Tian said coldly, “You didn’t act like this before, did you? For prestige, you even wanted to nail the Sword Saintess to death. You also said you would destroy any monsters that dared to come close, right? Wipe out the entire tribe of any monster that came near…” 
This guy was purely a scheming bitch. 
Avril quickly apologized, “I’m sorry, I only said that to gain support, it wasn’t my intention, you have to believe me, please believe me…” 
But now, even if Lin Tian believed her, he wouldn’t stop. 
And he wouldn’t believe her anyway. 
As the coldness spread over her body, Avril was extremely scared. 
Seeing this piece of white jade-like skin, like a budding flower. 
It was hard for anyone to bear plucking it. 
“As if!” 
Lin Tian laughed coldly. Not bear to pluck it? That’s nonsense. 
He was a Goblin. 
He sought the thrill of sin. 
Avril didn’t even have the strength to lift her head, she had no idea what was happening. 
Only waves of sharp pain. 
An unprecedented feeling bombarded her brain. 
Wandering between pleasure and pain, she gradually lost consciousness. 
[Health: 200, Attack: 80, Defense: 100] 
At this moment, the system’s voice sounded. 
Lin Tian couldn’t care less about this, but suddenly, he heard voices from below. 
“Avril, are you there? Why is it taking so long to pack up?” 
Clin pushed aside a panel and came up from the secret room, full of worry. 
However, the scene before his eyes shocked him to the core! 
Holding his head, he roared, “Ahhh! What is this Goblin doing! My Avril!” 
A powerful magical force exploded! 
It forcibly pushed Lin Tian back over ten meters, watching him warily. 
Immediately after, several magic orbs shot towards him! 
Lin Tian quickly used the Brutal Roar skill, but he changed the shape of his mouth, shouting the strong sound waves to the side. 
This way, he would be propelled backward by the recoil. 
“Boom!” 
The sound waves destroyed a large section of the wall. 
Lin Tian flew backward, avoiding the magic orbs’ attack. 
It was essentially a displacement skill. 
Clin fell into madness, holding Avril’s now cold body, crying bitterly, “Goblin! You evil race, I will wipe all of you out!” 
After saying this, he prepared to continue attacking. 
Fight until death! 
But suddenly, Clin felt a chill on his back! 
A very familiar chill. 
Frightened, he quickly used a high-level magic shield. 
Like before, it was easily shattered, and he was sent flying. 
Alice walked into the castle slowly, her expression calm as water. Behind her lay countless corpses! 
Clin was terrified by this sight. It was obvious from the corpses that they had been instantly killed by sharp blades. He exclaimed in shock, “You! Did you kill those people?!” 
He had thought that at least the Sword Saintess wouldn’t slaughter the residents. 
The soldiers could hold out for a while. 
No wonder a Goblin had broken into the castle so quickly, leading to Avril’s death. 
“So what if I did?” Alice said indifferently, without a trace of guilt. 
Clin felt like he was going crazy, “You’ve killed so many people you were supposed to protect, and you just say ‘so what’? You’re unworthy of being the Sword Saintess! Unworthy of the Holy Sword! You desecrate the holy office! You should be nailed to the cross!” 
“Ah!” 
Clin’s mouth was still open, but his voice abruptly stopped! 
A black longsword flew over, piercing his mouth and pinning him to the wall. 
It wasn’t over yet. 
Alice went outside and picked up a few iron swords. 
Clin, now unable to speak, looked terrified, his body trembling as if begging for mercy. 
Unfortunately, a cold longsword flew in! 
Pinning his left hand to the wall. 
Then his right hand! 
Both feet! 
Clin experienced the death of Jesus firsthand. 
Alice then looked at Lin Tian, “Is there anyone else to kill?” 
“Basically, no. Thanks for your hard work.” 
Lin Tian was a bit scared. The white-hat magician didn’t even have a chance to use magic. 
Just like that, he was taken out. 
The blackened Sword Saintess was even more terrifying than before. 
Lin Tian then found the panel Clin had pushed aside and saw the wooden ladder leading to the secret room. 
Going down, there was a long stone path. 
At the end was a small room. 
On the bookshelf, there were indeed many magic books, along with many gold coins and various miscellaneous items. 
Pushing open the door, it led outside. 
Lin Tian frowned slightly as he saw a few figures already fleeing in the distance, almost out of sight. 
He could chase them, but he thought better of it. 
Even if it wasn’t reported in detail, it would eventually be known. 
After all, a city had been captured. 
“Ifreya, take a look and see which magic books are good, take them all.” 
Lin Tian called her over, pointing to the bookshelf in the secret room. 
He then picked up a book himself to take a look. 
Only then did he realize that the Clin family had been a family of wizards for hundreds of years. 
Tracing back over a hundred years, they even had a Grand Archmage. 
No wonder they dared to build a castle and claim lordship. 
They had the strength for it. 
At this time, Ifreya looked at the magic books in shock, “There are hundreds of high-level magic skills, ten super-level, and three ultimate-level spells! One world-class magic spell!” 
“Oh?” Lin Tian was also curious. 
Ifreya, moved, said, “Thank you, master. Once I master these, I will serve you even better!” 
Saying this, she knelt down and kissed Lin Tian’s foot. 
“Alright, take them all.” 
Lin Tian also took some gold. 
Although he couldn’t use money in the human world, gold was also used in the non-human civilizations. 
Like the Dwarf Kingdom, the Elf Kingdom, and so on. 
Outside. 
The bodies of those soldiers had been arranged by Gobu Shan to be eaten by the almost-evolving big variants. 
The low-level Goblins could only eat ordinary residents. 
Their existence was meant to be cannon fodder, born from magical creatures, inherently weak. 
Even if they evolved, they were still weak. 
Feeding high-level soldiers to them was a waste of resources. 
After this, over a hundred big variants evolved into hero variants! 
There were also many other resource gains. 
The most regrettable thing was the city itself. 
But now they were the focus of the Lionheart Empire and the Church, so there was no way they could occupy a city to live in. 
Lin Tian was not arrogant enough to confront the entire empire and the Church. 
Though perhaps, in a year or so. 
By then, the army they developed would be able to confront any opponent. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 79: Declare War! Take Back Alicenia! 
TL: Sungmin  
… 
Lion King City. 
Also known as the imperial city. 
Those imperial scouts who had been investigating Clinforth fled back in a frenzy. 
The Sword Saintess had betrayed humanity, and Clinforth had completely fallen! 
The enemy hadn’t even attacked yet, and the internal collapse had already begun. 
Several scouts ran straight to the temple, shouting, “Your Majesty! It’s over! It’s all over!” 
Charles II furrowed his brow and reprimanded them, “Why are you panicking? Everyone, calm down.” 
“Is there any news of Alicenia?” 
Upon hearing this, the scouts looked at each other nervously, filled with fear. 
Finally, someone spoke, “Your Majesty, Alicenia… has betrayed us.” 
Charles II’s expression changed slightly, not yet grasping the severity of the situation. “Betrayed? How so?” 
The scouts, unwilling to believe it themselves, regretfully said, “Goblins invaded Clinforth. At the last moment of resistance by the white-hat mage Clin, the Sword Saintess shattered his Gate of Heaven and killed thousands of soldiers and civilians, including the white-hat mage Clin…” 
This information was overwhelming for Charles II, leaving him momentarily stunned on the throne. 
“Your Majesty? Are you alright?” one scout asked worriedly. 
After a long pause, Charles II questioned, “Are you sure there is no mistake? Alicenia, how could she join the goblins, let alone massacre soldiers and civilians!” 
Scouts, in essence, were reconnaissance soldiers and spies—the most crucial intelligence members of a nation. Each one’s professional standards were top-notch, making lying impossible. But now, Charles II preferred to doubt the scouts rather than believe such a thing. 
The scouts, not knowing how to prove it, replied, “Your Majesty, we… we wouldn’t deceive you.” 
Charles II’s expression began to turn frantic, unable to accept such news. To soothe his mind, he could only suspect the scouts. 
Just as he considered this, another group of people entered. 
Seeing that the newcomers were members of the Clin family who had escaped earlier, Charles II’s heart sank. 
His normally steady hands, resting on the throne, began to tremble slightly. 
“Your Majesty! Clinforth has fallen!” 
The Clin family members’ words echoed those of the scouts. 
Charles II’s face darkened, and he remained silent for a long time. 
Finally! 
He drew the imperial sword, angrily shouting, “If one word of what you said is false, I will surely have you executed! Speak! Is it true?” 
“It’s true, Your Majesty!” The crowd hurriedly nodded in fear. 
“Ahhh! Goblins! Do you want to destroy my Lionheart Empire? Dream on! I will make you pay for everything!” Charles II roared, completely losing his imperial aura. 
The blow was too much to bear. 
Losing Clinforth was one thing, but for the noble and pure Sword Saintess to slaughter a city for goblins, to turn her blade against the very people she once fought to protect, was absurd. 
The scouts were saddened. “Your Majesty, please don’t be like this. None of us could have imagined that a group of goblins could create such havoc.” 
Charles II panted in anger, his low voice echoing in the grand temple like a burning lion. 
He finally spoke, “Gather all the ministers here. I’m going to see the old Pope!” 
“What!” 
Hearing this, everyone realized the situation had escalated to the highest level. 
They all withdrew. 
Charles II straightened his clothes and went directly to the church. 
However, he was not qualified to meet the old Pope and could only ask the Holy Mother or a cardinal to convey his message. 
The Holy Mother was shocked, “No way, how could Alicenia… this is all our fault.” 
She could roughly guess the reason. 
The people’s persecution and the forced violence to kill that goblin infant had pushed Alicenia to the brink. 
But she didn’t expect her to decide so quickly, even turning her sword against the empire’s citizens. 
Charles II’s face was grim, unable to speak, filled with frustration. 
Seeing this, the Holy Mother said, “Given the situation, I will ask the Pope what he thinks.” 
“No, directly invite the Pope to our empire’s temple council,” Charles II corrected firmly. 
The Holy Mother was stunned, “Alright, I will notify him.” 
It seemed the Lionheart Empire was about to change drastically. 
… 
In the empire’s temple. 
Barons, lords, ministers, commanders, and generals—all gathered together. 
The atmosphere in the entire hall was incredibly oppressive. 
Charles II, wearing the Golden Lion Crown, leaned back in the highest seat, resting his hand on it. 
He exuded authority without anger. 
Everyone was waiting for one person to arrive. 
Finally, outside the main doors, an elderly man in a platinum robe and holy garments appeared slowly. 
He leaned on a staff made of golden crystal. 
Wearing a golden cross helmet, with a cross necklace on his chest. 
Half of his face was exposed outside the hat, showing some white beard, giving him a kind appearance. 
The Holy Mother and a cardinal lightly supported him. 
Despite being over 120 years old, his eyes shone with a fiery golden light! 
Holy majesty! 
“Your Holiness!” 
As he stepped into the temple, everyone bowed deeply. 
Even Charles II rose from the throne to greet this transcendent figure. 
Offering the highest respect! 
Additionally, another throne was placed beside him. 
Supported, the Pope slowly walked up and sat down, side by side with the empire’s emperor. 
The Holy Mother and the cardinal stood beside him. 
The ministers below wore solemn expressions, their eyes filled with gravity. 
It had been a long time since such a serious council had been convened. 
And even the old Pope was invited. 
It was unimaginable how important this must be. 
Finally, Charles II spoke, “Your Holiness, everyone, this council is of great importance. Many of you may not know yet that Clinforth has fallen.” 
“What!” 
“Impossible! Isn’t the lord of Clinforth a White Hat Magician?” 
“And it’s an entire family of magicians…” 
Everyone was shocked, murmuring among themselves. 
However, Charles II continued, “This, in my opinion, is not the most important issue.” 
The cardinal’s face changed slightly, “Your Majesty, isn’t this important?” 
He didn’t know what had happened. 
Others were equally incredulous—what could be more significant than the fall of a city? 
“The Sword Saintess, Alicenia, she betrayed humanity, joined the goblin tribe, and personally massacred Clinforth…” 
The weight of these words almost crushed everyone! 
For a moment. 
The hall was eerily silent! 
Everyone’s eyes widened in disbelief at these words. 
But it came from the mouth of the king! 
Duke Klein staggered, almost kneeling, “Your Majesty, are you certain? How is this possible! Alicenia is such a noble and pure person, she couldn’t have slaughtered a city!” 
“Klein, enough! Do you not even believe the words of His Majesty?” 
At this moment, the Empire’s Imperial Knight Commander ‘Hamlet’ sternly said. 
The others trembled; many of them admired, even revered the Sword Saintess. 
This news was like a thunderbolt! 
Many questioned it aloud. 
Charles II’s face darkened with regret, “If only I had been more resolute at the time, I shouldn’t have been such a merciful king! It led to this situation!” 
“Ahhh! That damned goblin!!!!” 
Klein, with tears streaming down his face, grabbed his hair and knelt on the ground, crying! 
His goddess, idol, role model, and beloved had been taken away by a goblin. 
It hurt more than death. 
Likewise, several young people were crying uncontrollably, angry to the point of fainting! 
A few imperial soldiers came in and took them away, their emotions out of control. 
Charles II did not blame them and understood very well. 
Alicenia was too important to this country, to the people, to them all. 
The oppressive atmosphere was suffocating. No one expected Alicenia’s situation to end this way. 
Painful and heart-wrenching. 
The cardinal’s expression was full of guilt, “Your Majesty, please punish me. This is all my fault.” 
If he hadn’t tried to kill that goblin infant. 
These things wouldn’t have happened. 
Charles II’s face was grim, his displeasure evident, “Forget it, it’s not your fault, no need to blame yourself.” 
“Everyone! Today, for our Lionheart Empire, is the most painful day! It’s the most profound lesson in history! 
We must remember it deeply, engraved in our bones and never forget! 
The reason for gathering everyone here is only one: to declare all-out war on the goblin tribe! To reclaim Alicenia! To rebuild Clinforth!” 
Charles II’s voice suddenly became high-pitched and solemn as he stood up from the throne, raising his hand and shouting. 
Everyone immediately responded, “Declare war on the goblins! Reclaim Alicenia! Rebuild Clinforth!!” 
At this moment. 
A deep, elderly voice rang out, and everyone felt a sense of calm. 
The Pope spoke, “I understand now. The reason Your Majesty called me here is for this. You are determined, even if it means declaring war on the Great Tomb.” 
“I am old, but I must secure a peaceful and stable country for my people before I die! The Great Tomb remains a threat that cannot be ignored!” Charles II said firmly. 
No one disagreed, but their hands trembled slightly. 
The horrors within were beyond comparison to the goblins. 
Everyone had to prepare for death. 
They were facing ultimate darkness and ultimate evil. 
The old Pope remained silent, seemingly deep in thought, finally making up his mind, “Notify all church members across the continent to return.” 
“Understood!!” 
Hearing this, everyone was filled with hope! 
The Pope’s words meant he would mobilize the full power of the church to assist! 
“God bless, victory will belong to the Lionheart Empire once again!!!” 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 80: The Lord of the Great Tomb! 
TL: Sungmin  
… 
The Tian Kuang Tribe. 
A large group of goblins lined up, pulling carts, and transporting a vast amount of supplies back. 
Food, drinks, treasures, clothes, weapons, equipment, defensive facilities, and so on. 
They brought back everything they could carry. 
As soon as Lin Tian returned, he noticed the Cannibal Eagle had been waiting in the tribe for a long time. 
Seeing him come back, the Cannibal Eagle immediately said sternly, “Little Tian, the lord has ordered me to take you into the Great Tomb. Let’s go, don’t be too nervous.” 
Go inside? 
Lin Tian’s eyes lit up. He wanted to take a look. 
He was now a valuable piece they couldn’t afford to lose. 
“Alright, Gobu Yue, arrange and handle the supplies. Keep an eye on Alicenia.” 
After saying this, he mounted the flying dragon and followed the Cannibal Eagle to the Great Tomb. 
As they went deeper, the oppressive atmosphere around them filled every pore. 
On the ground, there were more fifth and sixth-tier monsters, even many eighth-tier ones! 
Although the Cannibal Eagle was also eighth-tier, it was an intelligent species. 
At this point, there was a huge clearing in the distance, with a city built within, housing many buildings. 
It looked quite prosperous, about twice the size of Bright Town. 
Lin Tian couldn’t help but ask, “Lord, what tribe is that? It seems so prosperous here.” 
“That is a castle built by the werewolves. The Wolf King is a tenth-tier monster, but it is oppressed by the Church and has to survive here, not under the Great Tomb’s control.” The Cannibal Eagle explained. 
Hearing about the werewolves, Lin Tian suddenly thought of vampires, specifically the green-haired, bald Dracula. 
After all, there was some deep connection between the two races. Some said the progenitor of the werewolves and the progenitor of the vampires were twin brothers. 
Others said werewolves were a mutant branch of vampires. 
Just like how goblins also had mutations. 
Lin Tian could only find out by asking later. 
However, he did learn that in the Great Tomb, the top combat power wasn’t just the four lords and the monsters within. 
There were many other different races. 
Lin Tian responded with an “Oh” and didn’t ask more, “Let’s continue.” 
After a long while, they arrived at the deepest part of the Great Tomb, known as the end of the world. 
A huge black building, resembling the gates of an ancient Roman palace with intricate carvings, sat at the foot of a large mountain on the desolate, dark ground. 
And the most shocking sight was the endless abyss behind the mountain! 
No, it wasn’t accurate to describe it as an abyss. 
Because the other side couldn’t be seen at all, only a void and black mist surrounded it. 
It extended to the distant horizon. 
No one knew what lay on the other side of the void or if there was another side at all. 
No one knew if the void abyss had a bottom or what was at the bottom. 
“That is the Great Tomb.” 
The Cannibal Eagle pointed to the mountain. 
At first glance, Lin Tian thought the Great Tomb looked more like a tombstone for the void abyss behind it. 
At this moment, the Cannibal Eagle hurriedly pushed Lin Tian, “Don’t stare at the void abyss, you might get sucked in.” 
“Ah, oh?!” 
Lin Tian shook his head and snapped out of it, feeling a bit scared. 
The feeling just now was strange, as if a pair of eyes in the void abyss were staring at him. 
Was this what it meant when you stare into the abyss, the abyss stares back? 
But Lin Tian was sure those were the eyes of a living being, not a literary metaphor. 
Without thinking much, he parked the flying dragon at the entrance and followed the Cannibal Eagle into the Great Tomb. 
Just after entering the gate, they saw white bones scattered everywhere. 
Cobwebs were all over. 
The smell of mold hit them. 
However, the passage was quite spacious, at least over ten meters high. 
It must have been built by very tall monsters. 
After passing through the passage, they finally arrived at a place similar to an underground palace. 
Several stone pillars stood, the place was empty, yet grand. 
The Cannibal Eagle pointed to the center and said, “Let’s go, the lord is waiting for you below.” 
In the center of the hall was a slightly sunken round platform, carved with strange patterns. 
As they stepped onto it, the platform started to descend. 
It was like an elevator. 
Who knew how many levels they went down. When the scene before Lin Tian’s eyes appeared, his heart tightened! 
A giant eye was staring at him! 
It was as big as Lin Tian himself. 
This giant’s head had only one eye, but it had a nose and mouth, and its body was at least four or five meters tall. 
A cyclops. 
Lin Tian checked the information through the system and learned its strength was three thousand. 
Not particularly strong. 
The cyclops bent its waist as if welcoming them. 
Looking around, Lin Tian felt an intense sense of oppression! 
This wasn’t a great tomb; it was a monster farm. Even though he had seen much of the world, these creatures frightened him. 
The environment was similar to the first layer of the underground palace. 
It was vast and high. 
But here, many monsters gathered. 
There were minotaurs with hard, armored skin, indescribable monsters full of tentacles. 
Three-headed dogs, hydras, various beastmen, and several ragged, eyeless old women fighting over a single eye. 
It was as bizarre as it could get. 
The sight made Lin Tian feel uncomfortable both mentally and physically. 
He was a goblin and found these creatures repulsively ugly. 
However, there were also beautiful women. 
Standing at the front left of this group of monsters was a tall, curvaceous woman with an enchanting and pure face. 
Her every expression was full of provocation and disdain. 
She wore only a sheer, light gown that barely covered her private areas, making her beauty both hidden and visible. 
Her white legs and jade feet were exposed, causing a stir in one’s heart. 
Sharp black nails added a hint of sinister evil. 
Lin Tian immediately recognized her kind: a succubus. 
A tenth-tier monster, mysterious and powerful. 
Those iconic black horns, heart-shaped tail tip, and demon wings. 
Her red heart-shaped pupils could melt anyone with a single glance. 
Lin Tian quickly looked away. Staring at a succubus would lead to temptation and loss of self-control, making one a puppet to her will. 
He then looked to the right. 
That figure seemed more normal, a man in his thirties. 
But there was a wealth of information within. 
He wore a golden cross robe, a garment only the Pope of the Church had! 
But it was tattered, filthy, with corpse spots on his face, and his eyes were ghostly white, eerie and terrifying. 
Lin Tian quickly checked with his system: “Enzo · Corpse Lv100.” 
Level 100! 
However, he was in a corpse state, likely a former Pope revived as a corpse. 
His strength greatly weakened, but still a formidable 5900. 
Everyone stared at Lin Tian with contempt, curiosity, or indifference. 
Finally, Lin Tian looked at the large throne in the center. 
It resembled a skull with an open mouth. 
The person sitting there wore a black and gold coat, with a thorny crown on their head, looking quite frightening. 
But their appearance was a completely pale skeleton. 
Much larger than a normal skeleton, matching a human in height and width. 
Except for the red flames in their eye sockets, there was no other information. 
Not much distinguished them. 
However, when Lin Tian used his system, he understood the power gap! 
No wonder this person was the master of the Great Tomb! 
“Bone King Lv100,” overall strength 9999! 
Nearly ten thousand! 
Wasn’t this insanely powerful? 
How did the Church’s elders ever defeat him? 
Sensing the awkward atmosphere, Lin Tian felt embarrassed under their stares and immediately flattered, “Good evening, honorable and handsome lord…” 
The Cannibal Eagle trembled. How could this guy be so familiar right off the bat? They were doomed. 
The succubus covered her face, mocking, “Little guy, our Bone King is a woman.” 
A woman? 
Lin Tian was full of question marks. 
How could one tell with just a skeleton? Only a medical professional could determine gender from bones. 
Seeing Lin Tian’s shock, the succubus found it amusing. 
Finally, the Bone King spoke, “It’s fine. I heard you captured Clin Castle and brought the Sword Saintess into the tribe? I’m very impressed.” 
Upon hearing her mature and seductive voice, Lin Tian felt his brain shrink a bit. 
It was unscientific! 
What did she use to speak? And it was a mature woman’s voice! 
Seeing him not respond, the red light in the Bone King’s eyes flared up, scaring everyone. 
Lin Tian quickly answered, “My lord, it was just luck.” 
“Hmph, a lowly goblin achieving such feats, do you think I would believe it was luck? Rest assured, I’m not here to punish you; I intend to reward you.” The Bone King continued. 
The succubus interjected, “To receive the favor of the lord is your honor.” 
Hey, this guy sure talks a lot. 
Lin Tian thought to himself and then thanked, “Thank you, my lord.” 
“I also know about the Iguana Lord. The Cannibal Eagle reported it was done by one of your subordinates. I know your little scheme.” The Bone King spoke, eyes full of disdain. 
As if nothing could be hidden from her. 
Lin Tian felt awkward and could only smile bitterly. 
Then, the Bone King pondered for a moment and said, “Since you want to plunder the resources of my Great Tomb, I will allow it. But, you must become the lord of the southern region and the leader of all the monsters in the Great Tomb.” 
“What!” 
At this moment, the other monsters, who were previously bored and playing with their fingers, all changed their expressions! 
The Cannibal Eagle was dumbfounded. What was happening? 
This favor was too excessive. 
The succubus exclaimed, “Honey~ have you gone mad? Even though we don’t care about the outside monsters, letting a lowly goblin manage them is inappropriate.” 
Lin Tian, who was previously happy, now had a gloomy expression. 
This woman, who seemed fine just a moment ago, was now undermining him! 
He vowed to make her pay if he got the chance! 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 81: Dwarf Kingdom or Loli Kingdom? 
TL: Sungmin  
The Corpse Pope did not speak. 
The other monsters only expressed slight surprise. 
Not everyone dared to negotiate with the Bone King like the Succubus did. The two of them were quite the pair. 
Yes, a pair. 
Even though the Bone King was a female undead, her bones were harder than any man’s. 
She had deeply won the Succubus’s affection. 
“I have my own decision on this matter, and he has the ability,” said the Bone King helplessly but calmly. 
The Succubus snorted, worried, “If he controls all the monsters in the Great Tomb, isn’t that sending those monsters to their deaths? Most of them will be preyed upon.” 
“What, are you afraid of goblins?” 
In the end, this sentence from the Bone King made the Succubus shut up completely, not saying another word. 
Lin Tian couldn’t believe it either. Did he really just get the control of all the monsters in the enchanted forest for free? 
Although he couldn’t forcibly control the intelligent ones, he could still manipulate large numbers of the less intelligent ones. 
Crucially, he was also allowed to hunt and prey! 
Thinking carefully, Lin Tian realized. 
Everyone here was old and cunning, living for countless years. 
He was now the number one wanted criminal by the Lionheart Empire and the Church. They must want him to confront them, while the Great Tomb reaped the benefits. 
Really damn cunning. 
Then, the Bone King issued the final order, “From now on, you are the Southern Lord and Grand Lord. The tribe is permitted to hunt a large number of monsters, but you must take responsibility. Anyone who dares to invade the Great Tomb must be resisted with all your might.” 
“Thank you, Lord Demon! I will slay all enemies!” Lin Tian said insincerely, his expression complex. 
After that, there was nothing more. 
The Cannibal Eagle quickly understood, “Little Tian, let’s go.” 
After they left the Great Tomb, the creepy oppressive feeling finally disappeared. 
“Little Tian, I didn’t expect you to be so favored by the Demon Lord. From now on, you are the number one in this forest, outside the Great Tomb!” The Cannibal Eagle exclaimed, smiling broadly. 
Lin Tian smiled awkwardly, “Not at all. Let’s go, there are still many things to handle in the tribe.” 
After they parted ways, Lin Tian returned to tell everyone who had been eagerly awaiting the news. 
Gobu Yue was truly amazed, “Boss, you’re awesome. Such a strong figure treats you so well. I’m envious.” 
“Doesn’t that mean we’ve become cannon fodder? If we don’t develop, we can’t fight the Empire and the Church. If we do, we’ll be their priority targets,” Goblin Slayer said heavily. 
Lin Tian also sighed. After plotting against others for so long, he now found himself in a predicament with no retreat. 
The Church, which had suppressed a powerful undead like the Bone King for decades, was no joke. 
There was no confidence in dealing with it now. 
Even with the Sword Saintess, it wouldn’t be possible. 
So the ultimate plan was to bide their time, strengthening quietly. 
“I already have a plan. Don’t worry, the ultimate winner can only be me, not any other side,” Lin Tian reassured everyone. 
“Boss, can you tell us more about that Succubus?” 
At this moment, Gobu Kuang grinned foolishly and scratched his head. 
Everyone gave this big guy a sidelong glance. 
They thought Lin Tian would scold him, but instead, he praised, “You brat, you really inherited my genes. Your interests and focus are just like mine. Isn’t it just a Succubus? We’ll catch some to use as breeding tools.” 
“Alright, alright!” 
Suddenly, those who had been holding back, like Gobu Tian and Gobu Shan, clapped and cheered. 
Alice, who had been sitting dazedly on the side, suddenly spoke, “Are you sure you can beat those demons from the Church? I only remember being easily defeated that day, and it wasn’t even the Pope who acted.” 
Thump! 
Lin Tian’s brow furrowed. Even she was easily defeated? 
“If it weren’t for him, things wouldn’t have turned out this way!” 
Hatred and murderous intent flashed in Alice’s eyes, referring to the cardinal. 
So, she had concluded that the Church members were all incarnations of demons. 
Lin Tian quickly comforted her, “Don’t you believe in me? Have you forgotten my identity?” 
Hearing this, Alice was stunned, her emotions gradually calming, and she nodded lightly. 
“Everyone has just returned, rest for now. Ifreya, come over.” 
Lin Tian then went to a cave. 
Inside, candles were lit, and Ifreya was carefully studying magic. 
Hearing his voice, she hurried over, kneeling beside Lin Tian, “Master, you’re back. Are you alright?” 
“How’s the magic learning going? Are you confident you can master it?” 
One reason for attacking Clinforth was to snatch some magic books for her. 
If she ended up brainwashed and understood nothing, it would all be for nothing. 
Ifreya’s old magic book began flipping rapidly, “High-tier magic · Healing Rain.” 
Droplets of cool green rain fell around. 
Touching them felt refreshing and soothing. 
Generally, high-tier healing magic could heal most common injuries, which was already impressive. 
Those cases where one had been stabbed dozens of times were another story. 
Although Lin Tian didn’t know much about the process of learning magic, he was still amazed at her learning speed. “Not bad, keep studying,” he said. 
To be on the safe side, he took away all the books on offensive magic. 
He only allowed her to study healing and defensive spells. 
“Next, we just have to see when the Lionheart Empire and the Church will attack,” Lin Tian mused. 
He knew nothing about the Empire’s movements. 
But he could use the simulation ability of the system. 
All he had to do was think about hiding in the tribe and waiting for the plot to develop until the Empire and the Church attacked. 
“System, start Life Simulation.” 
[Life Simulation System starting. Current plot: Become the Grand Lord. 
Your luck is great. By accident, you have become the Grand Lord of the entire enchanted forest, but you are a pawn and cannon fodder for others. 
Caught in a strategic trap, you are in a dilemma. 
Days go by as you hide in the tribe doing nothing. 
Although your prestige doesn’t decrease, everyone urges you not to be so lazy and disheartened. You receive a declaration of war from the Empire. 
A month later, Alice and others feel the pressure from the Empire and the Church. 
They prepare for war. 
Three months later, Gobu Tian reports that they have gathered 100,000 elite soldiers, and the Church has thousands. 
Six months later, their army is fully prepared and begins a full-scale attack. 
Your tribe is like a pebble under a steamroller, easily crushed. 
Everything ends. 
Summary: Your laziness and disheartenment led to your demise. Despite great development potential early on, once you slack off, misfortune follows. 
Rating: 0/100 
Reward: 0 Life Points 
This life simulation is complete, with a time span of six months.] 
Six months? 
Lin Tian snapped back to reality. Six months was neither too long nor too short, just enough. 
Lying beside the soft Alice, he began to think about his next plan. 
First, he decided to develop rapidly and breed a large number of low-level goblins. 
They would be used as cannon fodder. 
This would make the Bone King of the Great Tomb believe her plan was succeeding. 
Secretly, he would cultivate a powerful elite army to sweep the battlefield. 
There were enough resources, so there was no problem cultivating them. 
But later, he would have to face the monsters in the Great Tomb and those perverts in the Church. 
Even if he raised 3,000 leader variants or even overlord variants, it wouldn’t matter. 
Their top combat power was overwhelming, capable of easily destroying thousands of soldiers. 
On his side, he was just a small soldier of the Great Tomb. 
The Empire could also be considered a pawn of the Church. 
When the pawns fought to the death, the generals would make their moves. 
The main point was symbolic. 
But there was no other way. 
“Could an army fight against those generals? Goblins are still too weak,” Lin Tian thought, frowning and sighing. 
Alice, resting, slowly opened her eyes and asked, “Messenger, what’s wrong?” 
“Is there any way to drastically increase strength to an epic level?” Lin Tian asked helplessly. 
Thinking hard didn’t yield a good solution. 
Alice pondered briefly, “It’s simple, you just need an item, like the ring on your hand.” 
Lin Tian was taken aback and looked at the Feitu Magic Ring he had taken earlier but never used. 
Suddenly, everything became clear! 
His vision had been too narrow, focusing on crafting ironware, which was useful in the early stages. 
Later, human soldiers had full armor. 
Goblins’ craftsmanship at best produced light armor; they couldn’t create full or heavy armor. 
If they had heavy armor—no, even stronger magic equipment! 
With a large amount of magic equipment, their strength would increase to an epic level. 
Lin Tian quickly asked, “Alice, is there a way to get a large number of magic items? I want to build an army as a trump card.” 
“No.” 
Alice’s quick and cold response almost made Lin Tian faint, bursting his bubble of fantasy. 
Then Alice coldly said, “Magic items are extremely rare for everyone. Since the dwarves disappeared, those who can craft magic items are even fewer. 
The Empire has only two, and the Church is rumored to have one world-class item.” 
Dwarves had the innate blessing of gods and could easily craft magic items. 
They lived by forging for generations and had excellent craftsmanship. 
Ninety-nine percent of the magic items on the continent were made by dwarves. 
And anything made by dwarves was of the highest quality. 
Lin Tian’s expression was complicated. “Do you know where there are any dwarves?” 
“I don’t know. They might be extinct or hiding where no one knows. They’ve been gone for decades,” Alice said. 
Now, Lin Tian felt it was difficult. 
Without dwarves, he couldn’t make magic items; he didn’t even know the first step. 
Asking others would likely expose his purpose. 
Wait, there was still the Purple-Gold Dragon Mother! How could he forget her? 
Ancient dragons had seen and known a lot. 
If even she didn’t know, then no one would. 
The next day, after assigning Gobu Yue and the others to breed new goblins crazily, he rode a dragon to Dragon Island. 
The journey was long. During breaks, he saw many young men heading towards the human capital with large bags. 
Lin Tian squinted his eyes, thinking, “It seems the Lionheart Empire is really going all out, already starting to recruit soldiers.” 
Six months; the time was enough. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 82: Going to the Ancient Dragon Clan for Recognition 
TL: Sungmin  
Crossing the sea, he finally saw the familiar yet somewhat strange Dragon Island. 
It was already overgrown with wild grass, and there were many wild animals he hadn’t seen before. 
A few small turtles basking on the beach, upon seeing Lin Tian, were so frightened that they quickly hid in the sea. 
He ventured deep into Dragon Island but didn’t see a single dragon. 
Lin Tian frowned slightly, “Hiss, it seems the Purple-Gold Dragon Mother mentioned something before. Was it at most a year or so? She had to return to the Ancient Dragon Clan.” 
She had said she actually ran away from the Ancient Dragon Clan just for fun. 
In the Dragon Clan, her age was roughly equivalent to a fourteen or fifteen-year-old human, and her size wasn’t the largest. 
“She probably went back home. After all, she did run away to play.” Lin Tian felt a bit helpless. 
The Purple-Gold Dragon Mother had mentioned before that the Ancient Dragon Clan was at the base of the World Tree. 
To find it, he just needed to fly towards the center of the continent. 
This approach was a bit time-consuming and risky. 
After hesitating for a moment, Lin Tian decided to give it a try. At least once he found it, there would be a much higher margin for error. 
If the Purple-Gold Dragon Mother didn’t know, perhaps the other ancient dragons would. 
Using the shadow of the sun, he precisely determined the directions. 
He then set off towards the central location. 
Due to the flying speed and endurance of a wyvern dragon being far inferior to Nidhogg, the little black dragon born from the Purple-Gold Dragon Mother, it took him five whole days to reach the central area of the continent. 
“No way, such a huge tree!” 
When he saw the World Tree, towering like a pillar, with its branches and leaves forming a green canopy supporting the sky, Lin Tian was dumbfounded! 
Such a visual impact was something his previous world could never provide! 
An entire skyline being a single massive tree—what a concept. 
The closer he got, the more he felt like he was being shrunk. Compared to this tree, he was less than an ant. 
Yet after circling around the tree for a long time, he didn’t see any ancient dragons nearby. 
“Roar…” 
At this moment, Xiao Huan let out a low, fearful sound. 
Lin Tian noticed a chasm ahead. “The bottom? Damn, I thought it was on the ground. Turns out it’s underground. Is this really a dragon clan?” 
Immediately, Xiao Huan overcame its fear of higher-ranked dragons and carried Lin Tian into the chasm. 
Passing through the dark fog, they finally reached the magma layer below. 
A scorching sea of lava lay before them, where a slight misstep would reduce one to ashes. 
Flying dragons were different from ancient giant dragons; they couldn’t withstand the heat. After flying for a short while, they could barely endure it. 
They quickly found a small island in the magma to rest. 
Seeing Xiao Huan panting, parched and uncomfortable, Lin Tian could barely stand it anymore either. 
Even dragons couldn’t handle it; he certainly couldn’t. 
“Damn, was I tricked? How can anything survive in this place?” 
Lin Tian wiped the sweat off his forehead and looked around. 
Suddenly! 
In the distant magma, something seemed to be swimming rapidly towards them! 
Xiao Huan seemed to sense something beforehand and hid behind a rock, trembling. 
Lin Tian also cautiously drew his weapon, ready to strike at any moment. 
“Roar!!!” 
A ferocious, violent dragon roar echoed throughout the abyss! 
From the magma, a giant dragon the size of a mountain emerged. 
Covered in scars, it was none other than Scar. 
Its cold, penetrating eyes scrutinized Lin Tian, “A goblin? And a low-tier flying dragon. This isn’t a place you can come to. If you don’t leave, face the consequences!” 
Scar flapped its wings and flew out of the magma, golden, boiling lava dripping like raindrops. 
Lin Tian dodged quickly. If one of those droplets hit him, it would burn right through him. 
However, the seven-hundred-meter giant Scar left Lin Tian utterly shocked! 
This was a true ancient giant dragon! 
Compared to this, the Purple-Gold Dragon Mother was just an underage kid. 
And Xiao Huan was even less significant. 
Scar stood on a small lava mountain, high and mighty, exuding an aura that made one retreat in fear. 
At this moment, several more dragons crawled out from the mist-covered rock walls, resembling lizards. 
Each one had a body several hundred meters long. 
Seeing the low-tier flying dragon and goblin, they all looked disdainful, “In our Ancient Dragon Clan territory, anything dares to come now?” 
“Eat them!” 
“Bah, I wouldn’t want my mouth to stink. Just throw them into the magma.” 
“Scar, what are you waiting for? Aren’t you the one the Dragon King sent to guard the entrance? Kill them already.” 
The dragons urged one another, their eyes full of amusement and mockery towards the weak creatures. 
They didn’t even regard them as living beings. 
Scar’s expression turned grim, remaining silent. 
Seeing this, Lin Tian quickly explained, “Wait, we are friends of the Purple-Gold Dragon Mother, and we mean no harm.” 
 Purple-Gold Dragon Mother?! 
Hearing these words, the group of dragons that had come to watch the commotion all showed a sudden shift in expression! 
Including Scar. 
“Ferbis?! Could it be that you are Despair’s father…!!!” 
Scar’s eyes were filled with astonishment and disbelief. 
For a moment, the dragons that had been clamoring earlier shrank back into the shadows in fear. 
Lin Tian couldn’t help but feel curious, “Despair? Ferbis?” 
Upon hearing this, Scar responded, “Ferbis is the name of the Purple-Gold Dragon Mother, and Despair is the offspring of the Purple-Gold Dragon Mother and a goblin, named Nidhogg.” 
In the Ancient Dragon Clan, only those with absolute power and status could have nicknames. 
Dragons like Scar, Sin, and Thunder Calamity had lived for several hundred years, were over five hundred meters in size, and were immensely powerful. 
Scar was a dragon that had survived a severe assault led by the Sword Saintess and her followers, which left it heavily injured. 
Even being attacked by the Church, the Empire, and the Dragon-Slaying Guild combined did not kill it, making it quite a formidable existence. 
Sin, as his name suggested, had committed many heinous acts, including the destruction of entire cities. 
Thunder Calamity, being a descendant of thunder dragons, could unleash overwhelming lightning storms. 
“Since you know her, can you take me to see her?” Lin Tian breathed a sigh of relief and said. 
Because the dragon before him had a strength of over six thousand! 
There was no way he could fight it. 
But it seemed to be a reasonable dragon, not one to act rashly. 
Scar pondered for a moment and finally decided, “Follow me. Let that low-tier dragon wait outside; otherwise, it will die from the heat.” 
“Xiao Huan, you wait outside. I will come find you later.” 
Lin Tian said, and then Scar allowed Lin Tian to ride on its back. 
It carried him deep into the dragon territory. 
Once they left, the dragons in the shadows dared to come out, their faces filled with fear. 
“Oh my, that scared me! It turns out he’s Despair’s father! I’ll never talk big again!” 
“If he complains to Despair about us, we’re done for. We’ll all die!” 
“Is it really this little goblin that fathered that terrifying dragon anomaly?” 
“Even the proud Scar let the goblin ride him. Despair, oh Despair, what will you bring to the dragon clan?” 
… 
On the other side, Lin Tian and his companions flew for a long time, passing through the sea of magma, and finally arrived at a dark rock wall. 
In the center of the rock wall, there was a visible black cave. 
Lin Tian was puzzled. On the way here, there had been dragons everywhere, but as they approached this black cave, not even a dragon scale was in sight. 
Could this guy have brought him here to deal with him? 
When they reached the outside of the black cave, Scar didn’t dare to land but said, “Go down by yourself. Despair is inside. If you are indeed his father, I will come to pick you up later. Now I must inform the Dragon King.” 
An inexplicable sense of unease surged in Lin Tian’s heart. 
Swallowing hard, he said, “Alright, thanks, buddy.” 
The moment he landed, the scorching black rock strangely had a chilling feeling, sending shivers down his spine. 
It was like the feeling a human gets when entering the territory of a ferocious beast. 
That was the scent of a predator. 
Lin Tian groped his way into the cave. As he approached, he realized the cave was vast, at least over a thousand meters wide! 
Inside, it was full of skeletons. 
And it was clear that these were the skeletons of giant dragons! Some of the skulls were estimated to be those of five hundred-meter-long dragons! 
“Does this guy eat his own kind?” 
Lin Tian felt a bit terrified, but remembering what the dragon had said earlier, this should be the child of him and the Purple-Gold Dragon Mother. 
No matter what, it wouldn’t kill its own father, right? 
The environment was eerily terrifying. Lin Tian turned to leave, but his mind couldn’t fully comprehend it. 
He examined the inside of the cave with a bewildered look. 
Suddenly, the ground seemed to become hotter and softer, and it even smelled bad. 
He turned his head. 
A massive tonsil came into view, followed by what seemed like a bottomless abyss. 
In front of him was a row of tonsils ten times larger than Lin Tian! 
A huge black dragon, clad in black armor and with double horns, lay on the ground, its long tongue sticking out. 
Its dragon tail wagged like a dog’s, looking very lively and excited. 
Lin Tian stood on its tongue. A few more steps, and he would be in its mouth. 
Seeing Lin Tian standing still, the black dragon decided to stop playing and snapped its jaws shut! 
The sound of teeth clashing was deafening! 
Lin Tian quickly backed away, finally getting a clear look at the dragon. It was enormous, almost as big as Scar! 
Its armor gleamed with a black light, and the green markings had turned into solid green crystals. 
“Wait! I’m your father!” 
Seeing that it was about to bite again, Lin Tian quickly raised his hand to stop it. 
Nidhogg paused, blinking in confusion, carefully examining Lin Tian’s appearance, “You’re lying. My father is a goblin. What are you?” 
“You silly child, if I’m not a goblin, then what am I? A lingob?” 
Lin Tian felt speechless. How could a goblin prove it was a goblin? 
Nidhogg looked skeptical, “Then come with me to see my mother. Let’s go!” 
With that, it grabbed Lin Tian in its mouth. 
Turning, it dived into the sea of magma, swimming through it as if flying through the sky. 
They quickly swam downward. 
After an unknown amount of time, a giant cavern appeared ahead. As they entered, everything changed. 
There was no magma, only a network of tree roots extending endlessly. 
Compared to these roots, Nidhogg seemed insignificant. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 83: Young Goblin Does Not Dream of Bunny Girl Senpai 
TL: Sungmin  
Lin Tian was tightly wrapped by the huge, soft tongue inside the dragon’s mouth, unable to move. 
Crucially, it was like a piece of candy, being repeatedly licked and sucked by the tongue. 
His soul felt like it was about to be sucked away. 
“How did this guy grow so fast, yet still act like a little kid? Stop playing around, I’m your father!” 
Lin Tian cursed and grumbled, feeling like he had been thrown into a washing machine. 
Finally, Nidhogg opened its mouth, “Mom, is this person really my father?” 
Looking at the strange surroundings, Lin Tian felt this adventure was too fantastical. 
The area was filled with thick, dark tree roots, intricately intertwined, each one like a mountain blocking out the sky. 
Nidhogg looked like a small bug on the branches. 
No surprise, these were the roots of the World Tree. 
Suddenly, a dragon’s head emerged from the roots in front of him, looking very familiar. 
“Purple-Gold Dragon Mother? How did you end up inside the tree?!” Lin Tian said with an expression of disbelief. 
Seeing him, the Purple-Gold Dragon Mother seemed both surprised and delighted, “It’s you, little guy? I didn’t expect to see you again! Oh my, did that crazy woman not find you?” 
Crazy woman? 
Lin Tian quickly understood, “She did, but now she’s a member of my tribe and is pregnant with my child.” 
“No way, are you serious? Alicenia, the Sword Saintess! She joined the Goblin Tribe and is pregnant with your child!” The Purple-Gold Dragon Mother was dumbfounded. 
She doubted her hearing, thinking it might be impaired due to relying on the World Tree to live. 
Lin Tian patted his chest, “Our relationship is real, would I lie to you? By the way, why are you staying inside the tree, come out quickly.” 
The Purple-Gold Dragon Mother was excited, “It’s really satisfying to hear that. I’m actually dead, living only by relying on the World Tree, because I was killed by that crazy woman.” 
“Little Black, this is your father. Don’t underestimate him; he’s really different from other goblins.” 
Nidhogg’s previous ferocity was gone, its big eyes now looking adorably innocent, appearing harmless and even cute. 
Full of disbelief, it extended its hot, red tongue and licked Lin Tian again, “Fa… Father…” 
Then, the dragon’s face turned slightly red. 
“They call her Despair, but she’s actually very shy and bashful.” 
The Purple-Gold Dragon Mother couldn’t help but laugh. 
Maybe she was the only one who believed that. 
Shy and bashful? She almost ate him in one bite at the start. 
Every dragon avoided her; her cave was full of dragon bones. 
Lin Tian felt awkward and symbolically sighed, then patted Little Black’s scales. 
For a moment, Nidhogg shyly backed away, then flapped its immense wings, flying quickly among the tangled roots. 
It seemed very happy. 
“By the way, isn’t our child growing too abruptly? It’s been less than a year, and she’s already bigger than you?” Lin Tian couldn’t help but ask. 
He had heard that ancient dragons grew very slowly and needed to eat a lot every day. 
If they didn’t eat enough, they almost wouldn’t grow. 
The Purple-Gold Dragon Mother pondered, “Maybe it’s related to you. Goblins grow very quickly, don’t they?” 
At this, Lin Tian finally understood. 
Then, he asked about the main issue, “By the way, do you know the whereabouts of the dwarves? I heard they’ve disappeared. I have some matters to attend to.” 
“Dwarves? I only heard rumors. Have Little Black take you to see the Dragon King; she must know. My body isn’t fully formed yet, I need to rest. Thank you for avenging me, and someday, I must see what that crazy woman looks like now!” The Purple-Gold Dragon Mother returned to the tree after speaking. 
The anger in her heart had completely dissipated. 
At this moment, Lin Tian looked up and saw two adorable big eyes watching him from above. 
“Father… are we leaving now?” Nidhogg said softly, afraid her tone was too harsh. 
Lin Tian couldn’t help but smile with satisfaction, “Yes, let’s go see your Dragon King.” 
However, the big tongue extended again right after. 
Lin Tian wanted to stop it, but outside was a sea of molten lava; without it, he would be burned to death. 
Finally, he struggled his way to the outside of the cave. 
Only then did he realize that many dragons had gathered around the lava behind him. 
And there was one enormous dragon he had never seen before! Bigger than Little Black and the scarred one from before! 
It was the Flame Dragon Mother. 
Seeing Lin Tian, the Flame Dragon Mother had a complicated expression, “Are you really Despair’s father? You are indeed a goblin.” 
The dragons behind her looked at Lin Tian and Little Black being close. 
They all showed expressions of disbelief. 
“Oh my, is there actually a creature that can get so close to Despair?!” 
“Doesn’t she eat everything? She even ambushed and ate several dragons.” 
“Incredible!” 
The dragons behind them started discussing one after another. 
They were still surprised that Lin Tian had mated with the Flame Dragon Mother. 
Scar now believed it, saying, “I didn’t expect it, Ferbis actually mated with a different race… It’s a pity that the pure bloodline of the Crystal Dragon is lost forever.” 
“Scar, do you really think it’s a pity?” At this moment, a red dragon with a broken horn, full of amusement in his eyes, asked. 
He was Sin. 
Those two horns were chopped off after he committed his sins. 
Hearing this, Scar was speechless. 
The other dragons sighed, thinking the pure bloodline of the Crystal Dragon couldn’t compare to the current Nidhogg. 
In terms of growth speed, ferocity, and strength. 
Nidhogg was the first of its kind in the history of the ancient dragons. 
Finally, Lin Tian looked at the Flame Dragon Mother and answered, “Dragon King, I have no malicious intent in coming here. I just want to inquire about the location of the Dwarf Kingdom.” 
Dwarves? 
Upon hearing this, the dragons were slightly surprised. 
At this moment, a giant dragon with white scales, wings that resembled those of an angel, and surrounded by lightning, coldly said, “The dwarves were exterminated by humans long ago. You won’t find them anymore.” 
Because dwarves also had another name, gnomes. 
They were categorized as monsters. 
Gnome was a large category that included goblins, dwarves, and gnomes. 
“All dead? That can’t be…” Lin Tian felt disappointed, realizing his trip was in vain. 
However, the Flame Dragon Mother said, “I know of a branch of dwarves that still exists, but you must agree to two conditions.” 
“Please speak. If I can help, I certainly will,” Lin Tian’s eyes lit up as he quickly responded. 
The dragons fell silent. 
They were all waiting for the Flame Dragon Mother to speak. After thinking for a long time, she said, “First, you must make sure Despair no longer hunts her kin.” 
“But what if they bully her?” Lin Tian hesitated, glancing at Despair, who was tilting her head with big, adorable eyes. 
After all, she was just a few months old. 
She didn’t know the dangers of the world. 
If she was directly made to lose her fighting spirit, it would be bad if she encountered villains. 
Scar added, “Then only if they don’t harm her first.” 
“No problem, Little Black, listen to your father. Good children do as they’re told, understood?”  
Nidhogg nodded vigorously. 
Lin Tian said, “From now on, you are not allowed to harm these dragons unless they try to harm you.” 
“But… I often get very hungry,” Nidhogg looked at the dragons with a greedy and reluctant gaze. 
It made them all shiver involuntarily. 
Although she only killed the dragons who mocked her for being a goblin descendant, it was still terrifying. 
Scar quickly said, “In the future, if you need to eat, come to me, and I’ll catch food for you. It’s strange, we can go months without eating after a meal, but why are you hungry again in the afternoon after eating in the morning?” 
Nidhogg bit her claw, looking very innocent. 
“Alright, what’s the second condition?” 
Lin Tian then looked at the Flame Dragon Mother. 
The more he looked, the more he felt this dragon was captivating. Not only was she powerful, but her beautiful scales and lines were perfect. 
Like a sculpture. 
Exuding a majestic aura that other dragons wouldn’t dare to have. 
The Flame Dragon Mother hesitated, her proud and commanding gaze showing a hint of shyness. She glanced around at the other dragons. 
She seemed embarrassed to speak. 
“You have to come with me personally to know this.” 
After speaking, the Flame Dragon Mother opened her large mouth and wrapped Lin Tian in her soft tongue. 
Then she flew into the distant lava waterfall. 
There was a huge, high cave under the waterfall, surrounded by volcanic rock. 
The light from the magma illuminated the cave, making it look like an endless sunset. 
It was unexpectedly beautiful. 
“Can you tell me now?” 
After emerging from the dragon’s mouth, Lin Tian asked directly. 
He came to inquire about the dwarves and didn’t have much time to deal with other things. 
The faster, the better. 
Turning around, he found the Flame Dragon Mother had disappeared. 
Instead, a noble girl stood in front of him. 
Dressed in red, with black stockings, her enchanting eyes and those dragon horns gave an exciting feeling. 
Lin Tian instinctively took a half-step back, “Dragon King? What’s this…” 
“I don’t want to beat around the bush. The second condition is to bear a stronger dragon with you. As long as you agree, I’ll tell you the coordinates of the dwarves.” 
The Flame Dragon Mother extended her leg from her red dress. 
Half-black stockings, with a white thigh. 
It was mouthwatering. 
Lin Tian never expected to have such luck! It felt so unreal, like a dream. 
Who would willingly offer themselves? 
Seeing his lack of reaction, the Flame Dragon Mother grew angry, “Do you agree or not?” 
Her beautiful face had a few fiery scales. 
Like the reverse scale of a dragon, untouchable. 
Lin Tian finally reacted and asked, “Dragon King, are you serious? Me?” 
He wasn’t the kind to be driven by lust. 
He was professional unless he couldn’t help it. 
“Do you think the Dragon King would joke with you? Besides, if you refuse, you won’t leave this lava cave.” The Flame Dragon Mother threatened. 
Lin Tian didn’t say another word. He stepped forward and pinned her down. 
Tearing at her clothes and stockings. 
The Flame Dragon Mother felt both angry and ashamed. Given her status, she at least needed some mental preparation. This was too sudden! 
The key was, he seemed intent on ravaging her. 
How could she live if other dragons saw this? 
“I can’t help it anymore. I’ll ask you anything later!” 
“You… Be gentle, I’m the Dragon King. Don’t hit me so hard! This feels like I’m a horse! I’m a noble dragon!” 
“I don’t care if you’re a dragon or a horse, aren’t you all meant to be ridden?” 
“You! You!” 
In her shame and anger, the Flame Dragon Mother’s eyes trembled, feeling tears about to fall. She covered her mouth, trying not to make a sound. 
It hurt! It hurt so much! 
She finally couldn’t bear it and begged for mercy, “Wait, I can’t take it. I need to transform back!” 
She immediately turned into a giant dragon. 
Unfortunately. 
This was no challenge for Lin Tian. 
Having devoured the abilities of the Evil Goblin, even a titanness thousands of meters tall could be subdued! 
Moments later. 
The Flame Dragon Mother’s massive lava body seemed to melt away. 
She lay on the ground, exhausted. 
Panting heavily. 
Lin Tian sighed, “If I weren’t in a hurry, how could I end the battle this fast? Dragon King, are you taking me as a god of fertility?” 
Life was tough for him. 
Couldn’t he have a grand romance? 
“I demand the author change the title to ‘Young Goblin Does Not Dream of Bunny Girl Senpai’!” 
Lin Tian shouted in his heart. Even with a Sword Saintess and a Dragon King, there was still no love. 
At best, Gobu Yue counted a little. 
2k words, break for a day this time for real 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 84: Found it! Lolita Kingdom 
TL: Sungmin  
“Did you know that the existence of Despair has rewritten the entire history of ancient dragons? Because of your goblin genes, her strength far exceeds imagination. 
If this continues, in a few more months, I will no longer be the Dragon King. It’s taken us fire dragons thousands, tens of thousands of years to finally become Dragon King, and now you expect me to let the crystal dragons take it away so soon?” 
As the Flame Dragon Mother spoke, tears of unwillingness actually flowed from her eyes. 
Lin Tian finally understood; this guy was very competitive. 
But it made sense. 
Ever since the ancient dragons appeared in history, the position of Dragon King had mostly been occupied by crystal dragons, light and dark dragons, and elemental dragons. 
Elemental dragons were not like the Flame Dragon Mother, who was solely of the fire element. 
They could use multiple elemental attacks. 
“I see, then I will fulfill your request. Now, tell me the coordinates of the dwarves.” 
Lin Tian didn’t want to bother with these matters. As for what would happen next, it would certainly be beneficial to him. 
Both would be his children, and they might even help him rule the dragons. 
The Flame Dragon Mother pondered for a moment before saying, “Over a hundred years ago, I remember the Dwarf Kingdom was in the underground palace around the Rocky Mountains. They built a kingdom for their branch, very hidden. If there are any dwarves still alive, they must be there.” 
“The Rocky Mountains, huh.” 
Lin Tian nodded slowly, “Then send me out.” 
“I, I don’t have the strength now. How could a little goblin like you be so…” 
The Flame Dragon Mother blushed deeply. She hadn’t expected to be bested by a goblin. 
After a long wait, she finally sent Lin Tian up. 
“Little Black, take me out. I need to go.” 
Nidhogg’s eyes were full of sorrow and reluctance, “Father, are you leaving? Can’t you stay with me and mom a bit longer?” 
He had often been mocked as an orphan before. 
Now, he was very happy to have a father. 
But he hadn’t expected to part so soon. 
“I will come back to see you later, but I have some matters to attend to now.” 
Lin Tian sighed, wanting to pat her head, but he realized he couldn’t even reach her toenails. 
At this moment, Nidhogg lowered her head. 
Indicating for Lin Tian to climb up. 
“Good child, I’ll take you out to play later.” 
Lin Tian finally patted her head. 
He left the ancient dragons. 
… 
Riding on Xiao Huan, he began to head towards the Rocky Mountains to find the dwarves’ underground palace. 
The Rocky Mountains were far away, and days quickly passed. 
When he saw the endless, lush green mountains, he felt his breathing become much more comfortable. 
The entire mountain range showed no signs of enchantment, which was very rare. 
It was said to be because of the protection of the ancient god Loki. 
Lin Tian was still cautious as he flew in the air; this place was no longer within the borders of the Lionheart Empire. 
He didn’t know what country this was. 
But he knew that not all countries worshipped Jehovah like the Lionheart Empire. 
Jehovah was the one who managed the Kingdom of Angels. 
Other countries worshipped the twelve main gods of ancient Greece, the lineage of Zeus. 
Some worshipped the ancient Norse gods like Odin and Thor. 
This Rocky Mountain range was certainly in a country that worshipped the ancient Norse gods. 
“I definitely won’t find the dwarves’ underground city. I’ll have to see if any dwarves appear.” 
Lin Tian found a mountain peak to rest on first. 
From a high vantage point, he slowly observed. 
Using his keen skills, he could see very far and clearly. 
As soon as he saw a dwarf, he could capture him and force him to reveal the location of the underground palace. 
As for searching the entire continent for decades and still not finding it, he didn’t have that kind of confidence. 
Sure enough, after staking out various places for several days, he spotted a dwarf. 
No, this one looked almost human. 
Weren’t dwarves supposed to be burly, with large hands and feet, wearing leather clothes, sporting big beards, and drunk all the time? 
But the one emerging from a rock crevice ahead looked just like a human child. 
Sneaking around, looking left and right. 
Lin Tian directly swooped down on his flying dragon. 
Accurately capturing him. 
“Help! Help!!” 
The dwarf screamed in fear, but it was useless. 
Lin Tian threw him onto a flat mountaintop and paralyzed him with an Elemental Hand Crossbow. 
When the dwarf saw it was a goblin, his heart shattered, “Why is there a goblin here! I’m going to die! Boohoo!” 
He had originally wanted to find a flower for the dwarf girl he was pursuing. 
But he ended up like this. 
“Don’t shout. If you want to live, listen to me. Tell me, are you a dwarf?” 
Lin Tian coldly questioned, holding a dagger to his neck. 
The cold touch was like the song of death. 
Scaring him into confessing everything, “I am, I am!” 
Lin Tian’s eyes lit up, thinking to himself, “Perfect,” and said, “Now tell me where the Dwarf Kingdom is. You have no chance to bargain or hesitate, understand?” 
As he spoke, he applied pressure, the dagger’s edge cutting into the dwarf’s delicate neck skin. 
A drop of blood trickled down. 
The dwarf’s psychological defenses crumbled completely before they could even form. 
He hurriedly said, “Go through the stone crevice. There’s a password stone door. The password is 666. You need to input it to enter. I know what you want. I’ve told you everything. Please let me go!” 
“Boohoo, Little Mei, I don’t want to die yet. I haven’t even won you over. I’m still a virgin!” The dwarf cried as he spoke. 
Lin Tian frowned slightly, “Are you a simp? Is this Little Mei worth it?” 
He was about to die, yet he still thought about Little Mei. 
“Don’t insult my Little Mei! You ugly goblin!” 
The dwarf was immediately enraged, his eyes filled with hatred. 
Lin Tian felt disgusted, “I was wondering why the sky cleared up; turns out you rendered me speechless.” 
With that, he applied a bit of force. 
The dagger pierced directly into the dwarf’s neck. 
Blood spurted out like a fountain. 
The dwarf convulsed on the ground for a few moments before losing all signs of life. 
Lin Tian used Fusion Devour to consume all his flesh. 
This allowed him to transform into the dwarf’s appearance. 
Even Xiao Huan was bewildered, unable to recognize Lin Tian at all. 
“Don’t be surprised. This is the most powerful aspect of Abnormal Fusion. After merging, I can choose to retain my appearance or not.” Lin Tian chuckled, soothingly. 
His eyes focused on the previous rock crevice. 
“Xiao Huan, you stay here for now. I need to go to the Dwarf Kingdom. Wait for me to come back.” 
Then, Lin Tian leaped down the mountain. 
He didn’t know how long it would take. 
He needed to acquire a large number of magical tools or the dwarves’ forging techniques to mass-produce magical tools himself. 
By then, he could build a trump card army. 
Arriving outside the rock crevice, he couldn’t help but marvel at how hidden it was, “It’s just the right size for a dwarf to enter. If you’re not careful, you wouldn’t even notice the crack.” 
Hugging the rock wall, he went inside. After just a meter or two, it was a dead end. 
The password door the dwarf mentioned was nowhere in sight. 
Everything around seemed naturally formed. How could there be a door? 
After fumbling around for a while, he finally noticed that some protruding parts of the stone wall could be pressed. 
Counting to the sixth protrusion, he pressed it three times. 
The stone wall in front of him slowly opened a small gap without making a sound! 
The craftsmanship was exquisite! 
Lin Tian became more convinced of the dwarves’ skills and hurriedly went inside. 
Following the narrow path, he soon found himself in a vast, open area. 
This wasn’t an underground palace; it was a paradise! 
White clouds, blue skies, green grass, and flowing water! 
From his elevated position, he could overlook the entire underground palace, which spanned about twenty to thirty kilometers, with a city in the center surrounded by pristine natural scenery. 
Lin Tian followed the path towards the Dwarf Kingdom. 
There were no guards, and the city gates were wide open. 
The streets were filled with dwarves in various outfits, strolling and enjoying life. 
They looked like small versions of humans, not pure-blooded dwarves. 
They were likely hybrids of dwarves and humans, which was why the Flame Dragon Mother described them this way. 
But as long as he could master the forging techniques for magical tools, the lineage didn’t matter. 
These hybrids suited Lin Tian’s tastes even more! 
Not to mention the men. 
The key was that the dwarf women were, simply put, heavenly! 
“Little…lolis!! My god, so many little lolis!” 
As Lin Tian entered the main city, his eyes couldn’t take it all in. 
Ponytail lolis, twin-tail lolis, bunny girl lolis, uniformed lolis, maid lolis, mature lolis… 
… 
Sky clear up, speechless -&gt; Chinese pun 无雨 (no rain) wu yu＝无语 (speechless) wu yu. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 85: The Kingdom’s True First Man 
TL: Sungmin  
Everywhere he looked, there were lolis! 
Lin Tian’s face twisted into a smile. The air was filled with the scent of lolis. 
“This place… is heaven.” 
Just as he was immersed in paradise, a voice filled with disdain and contempt rang out from behind him. “Heaven? Heaven, my ass! Where’s the Purple Sunflower I asked you to get?” 
Lin Tian turned around to see a well-dressed loli standing behind him. 
She was quite cute. 
However, that scowl on her face made it impossible for Lin Tian to like her. 
It was as if he owed her a million bucks. 
He rolled his eyes at her and moved aside, muttering, “Crazy…” 
The loli immediately exploded, swearing, “You dare curse at me? Dennis, have I been too lenient with you lately, making you think you’re something special?” 
Upon hearing this, Lin Tian finally realized. 
This dwarf girl must be the “Little Mei” mentioned by the bootlicking dwarf earlier. 
“Dare to put on airs in front of me, a Sigma male? Watch how I deal with you,” Lin Tian thought to himself. 
He then looked at her disdainfully, “Oi, you think I’ll go pick flowers just because you told me to? You’re nothing but a piece of shit!” 
“Are you crazy!” 
Little Mei was stunned, looking at him as if she had seen a ghost. 
She never expected her bootlicker to suddenly act like this. 
Immediately, she grew angry, “Fine, fine, fine! You’ll never get my forgiveness for the rest of your life, understand? I hate you!” 
“That’s a promise! Everyone’s happy!” 
Lin Tian turned and left. With so many lolis on the streets, who would care about this one? 
As he walked away decisively, Little Mei was left completely dumbfounded. “Damn guy, I’ll make you regret this!” 
On the street, Lin Tian wandered aimlessly. 
Even with so many lolis around, he couldn’t just force himself on them. 
After all, his current identity was a dwarf, not a goblin. 
If he got expelled, he wouldn’t be able to learn the craft of making magic tools. 
But in this Dwarf Kingdom, Lin Tian knew nothing. 
The best solution was to find someone to get acquainted with and understand the current situation of the dwarf tribe. 
“I definitely won’t chat up a guy. Let’s start with the lolis.” 
With that, he entered a tavern. 
Even a branch of the dwarves couldn’t resist their love for drinking. 
The streets were full of taverns. 
“Burp! That was satisfying…” 
As soon as he entered, a drunken male dwarf sat at a nearby table. 
Lin Tian looked at him with disgust and then began to focus on the female dwarves in the tavern. 
They were the easiest to strike up a conversation with. 
He quickly spotted a blonde female dwarf drinking alone. 
“Bartender, two glasses of your best wine.” 
Lin Tian placed a gold coin on the counter, speaking generously. 
These gold coins were what he had obtained earlier in Clinforth, perfect for use now. 
For almost all intelligent races, currency was traded in gold. 
It worked everywhere. 
Seeing this, the tavern owner frowned and looked at Lin Tian in surprise. “Are you really a dwarf? Who drinks just one glass of wine? Not for sale, buy a bottle or nothing.” 
Only then did Lin Tian realize, so he grabbed two bottles of the best wine and walked over to the female dwarf. 
“Care to share a drink?” 
The female dwarf looked surprised, then gave him a playful smile. “I’d be happy to. But your pickup skills are terrible.” 
Lin Tian’s mouth twitched slightly, and he forced a smile, “You caught me, haha.” 
Indeed, his pickup skills were poor. Outside, he would have just taken action. Who dared to mock him??? 
Lin Tian suppressed his irritation and began chatting with a smile. 
Watching the female dwarf gulp down the wine, things were going according to plan. 
To be safe, he bought her another bottle. 
“Your pickup skills may be terrible, but you’re quite rich. I like that. You should drink too. Don’t tell me a dwarf can’t drink?” The female dwarf asked suspiciously. 
Lin Tian quickly took two swigs, nearly revealing himself. 
But not drinking would have been better. 
Just two swigs in, and he was already wobbling, his ears and eyes not working right. 
He couldn’t see or hear anything clearly. 
He lifted the bottle to check. 
82% alcohol! 
Was this really wine??? 
No wonder they were dwarves; they could brew such strong alcohol and be fine after two bottles! 
… 
When Lin Tian opened his eyes again, he was in a room at an inn. 
Beside him, the blonde dwarf from before was still sleeping soundly, hugging him tightly. 
Lin Tian quickly lifted the blanket and saw that he’d been done! 
Trying to steal a chicken only to lose the bait! 
“You’re awake? Last night was amazing~” 
At that moment, the female dwarf slowly opened her eyes, reminiscing with a satisfied look. 
Lin Tian held his head, still feeling some pain. 
He didn’t expect to have slept for so long. 
The female dwarf was about to lift the blanket and climb back in. “Even though your pickup skills are bad and your drinking capacity is even worse, I didn’t expect you to be such a man. In the entire Dwarf Kingdom, there’s no one else as manly as you. Come, let’s continue!” 
Lin Tian jumped out of bed. Be manly? 
He couldn’t help but grin. 
Did that mean all male dwarves were little wimps? 
Finally, his goblin strength had found a use! 
“Sorry, I have something urgent to do. I have to go.” 
Lin Tian quickly got dressed and dashed out the door. 
He had already gathered information from her last night, so he had no time to continue playing with her. 
The blonde female dwarf chased after him reluctantly, “Wait! What’s your name? Where do you live? Don’t go, my destined man!” 
Unfortunately. 
Lin Tian didn’t bother to look back. 
From her, he had learned an important piece of information: in this vast underground world, there were other monsters. 
The biggest problem troubling the dwarves was the constant harassment by ghouls, which posed a significant threat. 
If he could eliminate those ghouls, he might gain some status and even be granted an audience with the king. 
Learning the crafting techniques would be a matter of a few words. 
“Let’s do this!” 
Lin Tian found a guild, intending to join and gather some teammates to hunt the ghouls. 
He needed witnesses to believe he had killed the ghouls. 
Otherwise, no one would believe him. 
Upon entering an adventurers’ guild, he was almost dumbfounded. 
It was vastly different from the guilds in the human world, which were always bustling. 
Here, there wasn’t a soul in sight. 
It seemed the dwarves had grown complacent. 
On the second floor of the guild, two dwarves were quietly observing Lin Tian. 
One dwarf speculated, “Looks like he’s here to join the guild. Shouldn’t we go greet him?” 
The guild master yawned, “Forget it. A guy like him joining won’t help. It’s just another mouth to feed.” 
“Anyone here? I’m here to join the guild and form a team to hunt ghouls.” Lin Tian asked tentatively. 
Hearing this, the eyes of the two dwarves upstairs lit up. 
The middle-aged dwarf wearing bronze armor and holding a hammer hurried downstairs. 
He looked as if he was being chased by a ghost. 
“Young man with ambition! Our Carmen Guild warmly welcomes you!” 
The middle-aged dwarf said excitedly, extending his hand. “I’m Brooks, and I have a Warrior Medal.” 
The Warrior Medal indicated that he was a former member of the Dwarf Kingdom’s army. 
Since hiding here, they hadn’t experienced any wars, and the kingdom had disbanded the army. 
Many former soldiers were struggling to survive. 
Becoming adventurers, they found no work and had to shamelessly eat the guild master’s food every day. 
Hearing Lin Tian’s intention to hunt ghouls and do something worthwhile made him so excited. 
The guild master, Carmen, was also surprised, “There’s actually a young person doing something so ambitious?” 
Seeing their enthusiasm, Lin Tian found it easier to proceed, “Hello, I’m Dennis. Are there any requirements to join the guild?” 
“No, no, as long as you’re a dwarf!” 
Brooks warmly arranged everything, serving tea and water. 
After a simple registration, Lin Tian officially became a member of the Carmen Guild. 
The guild had only Brooks besides the guild master. 
Carmen then approached, “The guild is quite deserted, but it’s the kingdom’s only guild. Do you have any skills to show off?” 
Ghouls were tier-five monsters, and the strongest could be tier-six. 
Hunting them wasn’t something that could be taken lightly. 
“How should I show them?” 
Lin Tian asked, checking their attributes. 
Both were around a thousand, very weak. 
Brooks placed his hammer on the ground, “Hehe, this welded iron hammer weighs over five hundred pounds. If you can lift it, you don’t even have to pick it up…” 
Before he could finish, Lin Tian picked up the hammer and played with it. 
“This hammer is nice, is it a magic tool?” 
Lin Tian asked, surprised as he checked the hammer’s abilities. 
[Welded Iron Hammer: Allows the user to cover their entire body in a layer of steel protection.] 
Brooks stood there, stunned, “You… you brat!” 
Even Carmen couldn’t believe it, “He’s holding the welded iron hammer like a toy??? How did I not know there was someone like you in the kingdom!” 
Lin Tian could hardly hold back his laughter at these two small fries. 
“Ahem, maybe I’m just low-key. Let’s go directly to wipe out the ghouls.” Lin Tian said eagerly. 
The sooner he made a name for himself, the sooner he could ask the king for a reward. 
Brooks, however, looked solemn, “Wait, ghouls are exceptionally strong and numerous. We need a plan.” 
Since dwarves had to die eventually. 
The burial areas gradually produced ghouls. 
They liked to feed on corpses, most of them transformed from dead bodies, moving quickly and carrying corpse poison. 
The Dwarf Kingdom had spent money hiring many former soldiers to hunt them. 
They all came back injured. 
Years of peace had made them forget how to craft magic tools, and their combat skills had faded. 
“Do you think I need a plan?” 
Lin Tian didn’t bother to argue with them. He had his guild identity now. 
He didn’t necessarily need a team. 
Seeing his firmness, the two quickly followed him. 
Afraid of being left behind. 
Led by Brooks, they soon arrived at a forest outside the kingdom. 
The surrounding clearings were filled with densely packed tombstones, all of which had been emptied. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 86: XXXXXX
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 87: Lin Tian: How Did I Become a Queen? 
TL: Sungmin  
AN:  (The chapter number is wrong, everyone. This is chapter 86, but we’ll continue on like this.) 
“Hmm? Why haven’t we seen a single one today?” Brooks was puzzled, looking around. 
It was unusually quiet. 
Carmen joked while flattering, “Ghouls are timid creatures. Could it be that they sensed our Dennis and hid out of fear?” 
“Haha, that must be it. Let’s go into the forest and find them.” Brooks laughed. 
Little did they know that this joke was actually true. 
Ghouls only fed on corpses, which was enough to prove their cowardice. They had sensed the demonic aura from Lin Tian from afar! 
And it was a particularly strong one. 
In terms of strength, Lin Tian had already reached four thousand during the bloody battle in Bright Town a long time ago. Recently, he had also dealt with the top-tier Flame Dragon Mother. 
His combat power had now reached five thousand. 
As Lin Tian and his companions entered the forest, the ghouls fled frantically in the darkness, not daring to approach. 
As they got closer, they drove all the ghouls to the edge of the underground palace. 
“Get down! They’re over there, so many of them!” 
Suddenly, Brooks said urgently, lying on the ground, not daring to breathe loudly. 
Lin Tian finally saw the true appearance of the ghouls. 
They were dwarves turned into corpses, already somewhat withered and rotten, with sharp fangs and claws, crawling quickly on the ground like dogs. 
They emitted a creepy low moan. 
They seemed agitated and uneasy. 
“What should we do?! There are at least dozens of them!” 
Carmen’s hands were trembling. If they were discovered, they would surely die. 
But in the next second, Lin Tian walked straight towards the group of ghouls. 
“No, Dennis!” Brooks shouted, but it was too late. 
The ghouls all turned to look at Lin Tian, their ferocious, blood-red eyes seemingly ready to pounce. 
But that was not the reality. 
With each step Lin Tian took, the ghouls retreated in fear, driven to the stone walls of the underground palace, even trying to dig holes to escape. 
One person had frightened dozens of ghouls into submission! 
This incredible scene left Brooks and Carmen utterly shocked. “Who… who is he?! This isn’t right!” 
Lin Tian took out a dust-covered iron sword he had picked up from the guild. 
It was already considered an exceptionally fine sword outside, capable of fetching a high price. 
With a swing of his sword, all the ghouls were cut into pieces! 
None of them resisted. 
They even trembled with fear! 
The two behind him watched in astonishment, their faces full of shock! 
The ghouls that even hundreds of retired dwarf warriors couldn’t defeat were slaughtered like chickens waiting to be killed. 
It felt as if they were slaughtering their own livestock. 
The absolute obedience and fear that livestock had for their owners were vividly reflected in the ghouls. 
They didn’t dare to resist at all! 
“Done, let’s go.” 
Lin Tian picked up the head of the large ghoul and said, knowing that with this trophy, they would surely get recognition. 
He turned to find that the eyes of the two were filled with shock and a trace of fear. 
Brooks quickly forced a smile, “Young man, you’re really amazing. Let’s… let’s go.” 
After speaking, he couldn’t help but wipe the cold sweat from his forehead. 
Back in the kingdom, they went straight to the palace to seek an audience with the king. 
At the gate, they were stopped by the guards, “The king is unwell and cannot see you at the moment.” 
“Hey, look carefully, we solved the ghoul problem!” Brooks cursed. 
The guard’s eyes were filled with admiration and astonishment for Lin Tian, “But, there’s nothing I can do.” 
“Let them in.” 
In the Dwarf Sanctuary, a mature woman’s voice rang out. 
Pushing the door open, they saw a little girl in ceremonial robes sitting inside. She looked like a little girl but exuded the unique aura and mature charm of a ruler. 
Combined with her captivating uniform, it really added to her allure. 
Anyone who saw her would be excited. 
However, Lin Tian did not expect her to be the Dwarf King. 
Brooks said, “Your Majesty the Queen… we are here to claim our reward. This young man, Dennis, has exterminated all the ghouls that threatened the kingdom!” 
“What?” 
The queen was a bit stunned but quickly regained her composure. Her beautiful eyes, full of charm, were fixed on Lin Tian, almost entranced. 
She then said perfunctorily, “The rewards from your guild will be sent later. Dennis, you stay. The others can leave.” 
“Thank you, Your Majesty!” 
Carmen and Brooks were overjoyed and quickly left. 
The entire hall was left with just the queen and Lin Tian. 
Lin Tian held the large ghoul’s head, “Your Majesty, I don’t need gold or anything for my reward. I want to learn forging techniques…” 
“Shh, I need to think carefully about your reward. In this Dwarf Kingdom, there hasn’t been a young man as brave as you in decades.” 
The queen gracefully walked to Lin Tian’s side. 
She playfully stretched out her small hand, cupping Lin Tian’s chin as she admired him. 
With a satisfied smile, she said, “I don’t care about the ghouls. If you want to learn forging techniques, you’ll have to offer something else~.” 
“Your Majesty, if I didn’t kill these ghouls, your entire kingdom will be destroyed in a few months.” 
Lin Tian’s face darkened, growing displeased. 
After all that effort, and now they were reneging? 
If worst came to worst, he could just take what he wanted by force. He could even take a bunch of lolis back and have fun with them. 
Seeing his agitation, the Queen quickly soothed him, “That’s not what I meant. It’s just that you slept with my sister the night before last, you know? This punishment cancels out your merits. If you want forging techniques, you’ll have to offer something else.” 
Her sister? 
Lin Tian couldn’t help but think of the blonde loli he met at the tavern. 
He retorted, “With a clear conscience, Your Majesty, please don’t accuse me falsely. When I was drunk, it was clearly your sister who took advantage of me…” 
“A clear conscience? I don’t know where a conscience is. Why don’t you help me find it?” 
The Queen tilted her head, her hazy eyes seemingly emitting electric currents as they connected with Lin Tian. 
This behavior left Lin Tian completely baffled. “Are you serious?” 
Though he was never short of romantic encounters—after all, there were plenty of females in the tribe—he never expected to have such luck now. 
Hadn’t they just met? 
Moreover, she held a high position, having lived a pampered life for so long. Why would she start flirting with him right away? 
“Whether I’m serious or not, why don’t you feel my conscience and see?” 
Seeing Lin Tian’s hesitation, the Queen directly grabbed his hand, placing it over her “conscience.” 
A tingling sensation, like an electric shock, spread through Lin Tian’s entire body. 
It was indeed her conscience, and it felt incredibly genuine! 
This F-cup loli was truly one in a million. 
However, to be safe, Lin Tian bluntly asked, “Your Majesty, you’re not trying to set me up, are you? If you don’t explain clearly, I won’t dare to act rashly.” 
“Would you dare to act rashly if I explained clearly? So bold, not respecting me as the Queen?” 
The Queen deliberately provoked him. 
Suddenly covering her face with a smile, she began to explain, “My sister said you’re the most manly dwarf in the kingdom’s history, unmatched by anyone. I’ve been alone for nearly ten years and really want to see if what she said is true.” 
Upon hearing this, Lin Tian finally understood. 
Dwarves were notoriously small in certain areas, so it made sense. 
But he asked, “Alone? Aren’t you the Queen?” 
“Hmph, the King is old, with most of his teeth gone, barely hanging on. He wasn’t that old, but he was promiscuous in his youth.” 
The Queen spoke with a forlorn expression, looking at her fingers. “If it weren’t for him being with me, I wouldn’t know how to survive…” 
“This…” 
Before Lin Tian could say anything more, the Queen pulled him into her embrace and kissed him. 
Feeling her fragrant tongue, Lin Tian couldn’t restrain himself. 
He settled the matter right then and there. 
(Ding, health increased by 240, attack increased by 100, defense increased by 100) 
After a long while. 
Seeing the Queen on the ground, her clothes in disarray and unable to get up, Lin Tian asked, “Can you teach me forging techniques now?” 
The Queen’s mind was still floating, unable to speak for the moment. 
She had gone too high. 
“Your Majesty, the King… he can’t hold on any longer!” 
At this moment, the door was pushed open, and a dwarf guard rushed in anxiously. 
Seeing the weakened, disheveled Queen on the ground, he was dumbfounded! 
His mouth opened wide. “What… what happened here?!” 
Upon hearing this, the Queen struggled to stand, tidying her clothes. “Nothing, he resolved the ghoul problem for the kingdom. I had to reward him.” 
“Reward…” 
The guard caught a glimpse of the Queen’s body curves, and his nose started bleeding uncontrollably. 
Shaking his head, he remembered the urgent matter. “The King can’t hold on any longer. Please come quickly.” 
“Really? Today is truly a double blessing.” 
After tidying up, the Queen prepared to leave. 
Lin Tian, still in a daze, said, “I’ll head back to the guild first. I’ll come find you later.” 
However, the Queen grabbed his hand, her eyes seductive as she said, “You’re coming with me. From now on, the palace is your home. I am the King, and you are the Queen, understood?” 
“What the…?” 
Lin Tian was stunned. How had he become the Queen? 
Was this happiness or bliss? 
It seemed to be both. 
This way, he could rightfully learn the top-tier forging techniques of the Dwarf Kingdom! 
It was definitely a huge gain! 
Initially, he thought this place was heaven, and now he was sure—it was heaven indeed! 
When they reached the King’s palace, he had already passed. 
Lin Tian couldn’t help but gasp, “Hiss! This…” 
The figure on the bed wasn’t just a recently deceased person; it was a mummified corpse. 
With blackened eyes and withered hands. 
Even his lips were white. 
“Don’t look at me like that. When he forcibly married me ten years ago, he was already impotent. Otherwise, why would I approach you directly in the Sanctuary…” 
The Queen said, unable to hide her joy on her face. 
Today was indeed a double blessing for her. 
And for Lin Tian as well. 
“I need to handle the coronation ceremony in the next two days. Feel free to explore the palace, but stay with me at night.” 
Queen Adele said with a wicked smile. 
Lin Tian nodded, “Yes, Your Majesty.” 
Suddenly, Adele gently placed her jade-like hand over Lin Tian’s lips. “Still calling me Your Majesty? Call me dear~.” 
Lin Tian felt a bit awkward, but calling her “dear” was definitely worth it. 
The Dwarf Kingdom’s magical tools would all be his. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 88: Opening the Magic Tool Vault, Three Magic Tools! 
TL: Sungmin  
Over the past few days, Lin Tian had been persistently coaxing, day and night, tirelessly working. 
He finally managed to get the key to the kingdom’s magic tool vault from Adele. 
Though the dwarves hadn’t crafted any new magic tools for decades, there should still be some stock left. 
At the very back of the grand palace, a golden door came into view. 
A hammer was carved in the center of the golden door. 
This was the magic tool vault. 
Upon reaching the door, Lin Tian inserted the key and, as Adele had instructed, turned it two and a half times to the left, and then another two and a half times. 
Then he sang a dwarven folk rap and performed an ancient dance. 
A golden eye on the door opened, scanned Lin Tian’s secret command, and finally opened slowly. 
“Boom, boom, boom…” 
Lin Tian’s heart raced with excitement. Magic tools, extremely rare items. 
Once he obtained them, his strength could change dramatically. 
However. 
The scene before him was completely different from what he had imagined; there was no blinding golden light. 
The inside was empty, covered in cobwebs and dust. 
Rows of massive tool racks held nothing. 
Lin Tian cursed in frustration, feeling happy for nothing. 
It seemed that this damned lazy kingdom had done nothing for years, living off their past achievements, selling off all the magic tools. 
No wonder they lived such comfortable lives. 
But at the very end, Lin Tian still found three magic tools. 
[Life Armor: A living armor that feeds on the host’s blood, possessing strong defense and a protective instinct. It can autonomously detect and defend against enemy attacks.] 
[Ominous Blade: Crafted from the spine of a magic dragon. The deeper the user’s obsession, the more powerful and terrifying the strength it can unleash.] 
[Eye of the Darkspawn: Created from an unknown creature’s remains by dwarves with their miraculous forging skills. It can see through all things, but be cautious of being controlled by it.] 
Lin Tian gently caressed these three magic tools. 
They all responded. 
They didn’t seem to be dead objects but rather three living beings. 
“Is this the power of the dwarves? It feels more like creating life than forging weapons!” 
Lin Tian couldn’t help but marvel at such magic tools. 
The Feitu Magic Ring on his hand couldn’t compare at all, as it was merely crafted by the Ghoul Tribe. 
He immediately put on the Life Armor. 
It looked like a black, shapeless mass. 
No matter how much he fiddled with it, he couldn’t figure out how to wear it. 
Suddenly, Lin Tian thought of something, “If it feeds on the host’s blood…” 
He cut his finger and dripped a drop of blood on it. 
Sure enough, the black mass began to turn into fluid, crawling up his body from the bleeding finger. 
It covered his entire arm, then his whole body! 
Lin Tian’s vision was obscured, he couldn’t see anything, feeling tightly wrapped all over. 
A suffocating sensation, like being entwined by a python, overwhelmed him. 
When the armor adapted to Lin Tian’s body, it slowly shrank into a black crystal-like pendant hanging around his neck. 
Lin Tian felt as though he had established a connection with it. With a thought, the pendant would instantly unfold! 
His entire body would be covered in a layer of crystal-like black armor, and the armor’s style could change freely. 
Full armor, light armor, a flashy, over-the-top edgy armor—anything was possible. 
“Not bad.” 
Lin Tian was fairly satisfied, though he wasn’t sure how high the defense level was. 
Since it was a living being, wearing it didn’t increase the attribute panel’s strength. 
He then picked up the Ominous Blade beside him. 
It was also completely black, exuding a chilling aura of death, somewhat similar to a katana. 
A streak of crimson seemed to flow in the center of the blade. 
It felt like the heart of the weapon. 
The moment he picked it up, Lin Tian felt an overwhelming sense of oppression and couldn’t control the blade. 
“Forget it, I’ll save it for Alice.” 
Lin Tian thought. He didn’t like using melee weapons. Even if his attribute panel was strong, his swordsmanship and combat skills were weak. 
This was an undeniable fact. 
He couldn’t compare to Alicenia and the others. 
As for the last item, the Eye of the Darkspawn, it was set in a golden triangle and had been staring at Lin Tian from the beginning. 
Its scarlet pupil, the entire eyeball filled with bloodshot lines. 
Extremely eerie. 
From its gaze, it seemed to be speaking constantly, but definitely not saying anything good. 
Lin Tian got goosebumps. Though the other two were living beings, they weren’t this creepy. 
Even if it was a world-class magic tool, he didn’t really want it. 
Of course, if he didn’t want it, he could give it to others in the tribe later. 
He packed it up. 
Unfortunately, there were only these three items in the entire magic tool vault. 
Lin Tian thought, “Forget it, I’ll have to make these lazy people restart the Apollo Forge and forge more magic tools for me.” 
These guys weren’t dwarves at all; they were lazybones. 
The Apollo Forge for forging magic tools had been collecting dust in the city for decades. 
Lin Tian planned to have Adele revise the policies. They had to forge at least twenty magic tools daily. 
Lin Tian would stay here for at most two months, and taking back a thousand magic tools would actually be considered few. 
The next day. 
“My dear, I’ve finally found you. Today is my coronation ceremony. Come with me, my beloved queen~” 
Adele’s makeup was elaborate today. 
She wore a crown, white silk gloves, a brand new ceremonial robe, and a stunning hairstyle. 
Every smile and gesture mesmerized the male guards, making them unable to look away. 
Seeing their lustful gazes, Adele sneered, “Don’t you know your size and weight? Stop staring. If I tell you the truth, you’d just feel inferior.” 
She then tightly held Lin Tian’s hand, and the two of them sat in a purely mechanical steam carriage, beginning a city-wide parade. 
After they left, the soldiers’ faces were full of surprise and jealousy. 
They whispered, “Damn, is it true? The guy who’s been causing such a stir in the city recently?” 
“No wonder the queen, no, the empress, is so infatuated. I can’t imagine that kind of size!” 
“Why the hell is he so much more impressive than me? We’re both dwarves!” 
“I wish I could cut it off him and attach it to myself. I wouldn’t even need to work; all the beauties would come to me.” 
From a distance, Adele probably couldn’t hear them. 
But Lin Tian, with his keen hearing skills, could, and he couldn’t help but puff out his chest. 
The racial advantage was really something. 
However, the current situation was a bit awkward. 
A coronation should be just that. Why a city-wide parade? 
Wasn’t that only for criminals? 
After leaving the palace gates, the streets were lined with dwarves, and the windows of the houses were packed with them. 
They all held flowers, congratulating the new king on his ascension. 
Because for three days, all alcohol consumption in the city would be on the royal family’s tab; of course, they were happy. 
“Oh my, ten years ago, I thought the queen was a budding beauty, but today, she looks like a fully bloomed flower!” 
“Tsk, tsk, tsk, she’s more beautiful than fine wine!” 
“Long live the queen! I’d rather drink your nectar than wine for a lifetime!” 
Countless male dwarves shouted, unabashedly expressing their love for Adele. 
Meanwhile. 
The female dwarves all fixed their gazes on Lin Tian. 
Their eyes turned into heart shapes, “Is what the queen’s sister said true? Is that handsome guy really the most manly man in the city?!” 
“He broke the record in dwarf history. I wish I could shape myself into his form!” 
“I’m fed up with my useless man at home. Lord Dennis! Please have mercy on me!” 
“Oh no, I really want to shape myself into his form!” 
The female dwarves acted like crazed fans, not caring about anyone else, even their families. 
Ever since Lin Tian and Adele’s sister separated, she had been searching everywhere, spreading the word about Lin Tian’s size due to his lack of distinctive features. 
This news caused an uproar. 
The information was explosive; it was a record in dwarf history, something unimaginable. 
Everyone would care a bit. 
When the men looked at Lin Tian, their faces were dark, expressing their jealousy vividly. 
Suddenly! 
A female dwarf ignored the obstacles and ran into the street, stopping the queen’s industrial carriage. 
“Dennis! You two-timer, didn’t you say you only loved me? How dare you lie to me!” 
The intruder was Little Mei. 
She stood there, looking righteous. 
Adele frowned slightly, “My dear, who is she?” 
Lin Tian gave a wicked smile, ready to have some fun, “Her? Just a bootlicker, not worthy of being compared to you, my dear.” 
Adele naturally believed him. After all, what female dwarf wouldn’t love Lin Tian? 
From those just understanding love to those who hadn’t reached menopause. 
They would all be madly in love with Lin Tian. 
Mainly because Adele and her sister had experienced the Goblin’s God’s Blessing ability. 
That’s why. 
“A bootlicker? I wonder who’s the real bootlicker. Do you remember how you used to be? You didn’t dare speak against me. If you want my forgiveness, get over here quickly!” 
Little Mei acted arrogant, thinking she could still control the situation. 
The entire city fell silent. 
Lin Tian didn’t say a word, looking at her like she was an idiot. 
The awkward atmosphere spread. 
Little Mei felt so humiliated that she almost cried, “Why is it like this? You were chasing me before, why didn’t you tell me how amazing you were earlier!” 
Defeating the ghouls was the highest honor in the Dwarf Kingdom in decades! 
And suddenly, inexplicably being called the manliest man in dwarf history. 
How could she not be moved? 
Her family had scolded her for not seizing the opportunity, letting such a good catch slip away. 
“Where did this girl come from, is her brain damaged?” 
“Heh, doesn’t she know her worth? Even I couldn’t get him, and she thinks he would chase her?” 
“Has her skin gotten that thick? What a disgrace.” 
The female dwarves around started to attack her. 
They felt insulted by Little Mei’s actions. 
However, Lin Tian then spoke, “Little Mei, it’s not impossible for me to forgive you. Kneel down, roll your eyes, make an ahegao face, and loudly say to everyone: Master Dennis, please shape me into your form!” 
Hiss! 
In an instant. 
The whole city was in an uproar! 
Everyone showed expectant expressions, their faces full of mischievous smiles. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 89: Lin Tian! In Danger! 
TL: Sungmin  
“What, what? You want me to do this? Are you crazy? I am…” 
Little Mei wanted to curse, but seeing the now wealthy and glamorous Lin Tian, she hesitated. 
And he even had records of dwarf history. 
If she could really be forgiven and let him pursue her again, it wasn’t impossible. 
Finally, driven by vanity and desire. 
Little Mei slowly knelt down, exposing herself to that feeling, her expression exaggerated. 
She stuck out her pink little tongue, drooling. 
Her eyes looked as if they were about to fly to the heavens. 
“Please, Master Dennis, forgive me. Please let me become your object!” 
This humiliating scene was witnessed by the entire city! 
Laughter and obscene remarks continuously erupted. 
But for Little Mei, it was nothing. As long as she could get the old Dennis back, she would be the one laughing at everyone else. 
She would stand up again. 
However, 
Lin Tian merely smiled with satisfaction, “Guards, throw this street-strutting slut aside, she’s disgusting to look at.” 
“Darling, you’re so bad~”  
Adele said with a charming smile. 
The moment her fantasy was shattered, Little Mei felt like she was splitting apart, “Dennis! You tricked me? I did everything you asked, why won’t you forgive me? I’m even allowing you to pursue me, to sleep with me! Don’t you want that??” 
“With you, a whore who would do such things in public, do you think you deserve to climb up to my level?” 
Lin Tian retorted, and he and Adele drove away in their mechanical carriage. 
Leaving Little Mei alone in her collapse. 
How had the once submissive Dennis turned into this? Regret couldn’t even describe her feelings now. 
Dennis’s friends, however, felt truly relieved. 
Finally, they saw Dennis stand up for himself. 
The parade quickly ended, and the city began endless drinking and revelry. 
Lin Tian and Adele returned to the palace for the banquet. 
“This is Duchess Jamila, her skillful hands have crafted world-class magic tools.” 
“And these are Lisa, Linda, and Winnie, all important members of the royal family.” 
At the grand and luxurious banquet, what could compare with the exotic delicacies? 
Naturally, it was the noblewomen and their beautiful daughters. 
Because Adele was a woman, the Dwarf Kingdom’s social status naturally leaned towards females. 
Most of the attendees were wives and daughters of officials and nobles, representing their families. 
Lin Tian greeted them politely, “Hello, I am Dennis. It’s an honor to witness the stunning beauty of so many ladies.” 
“Your Majesty Adele, you certainly know how to pick a man. The last one gave you the throne, and this one’s sweet-talking. Is what I’ve heard real?” 
The elegantly dressed, petite, and charming Duchess Jamila raised her eyebrows as she spoke. 
That smile couldn’t be suppressed even by the most serious of expressions. 
The others also gathered, full of curiosity. 
Dwarves were straightforward by nature, not hiding their emotions or social niceties. 
Adele directly said, “Of course, after ten years of frustration, the gods finally pitied me. I even suspect he’s an incarnation of Zeus.” 
This country worshipped the twelve Olympian gods. 
Among them, the king of gods was Zeus. 
Known for his lust, often disguising himself as a mortal to seduce virtuous women. 
Fathering many demigods. 
There was a saying that Olympus mythology was a history of debauchery. 
“No wonder, Your Majesty, you look so radiant after just a few days.” Someone joked. 
The flattery almost made Adele float with delight. 
Lin Tian, on the other hand, tasted the dwarven food. It was quite good, with a balanced mix of fruits, vegetables, and meat. 
Once Adele finished showing off, and had kindled the interest of the noblewomen, it was time for him to take action. 
He could restart the Apollo Forge across the city, having it produce magic tools for him daily. 
Since Adele was newly in power and still weak, suddenly restarting something that had been dormant for decades would face much opposition. 
“His Highness Dennis, I truly regret not meeting you sooner.” Duchess Jamila approached him. 
Her eyes were practically sparkling. 
She looked Lin Tian up and down, swallowing occasionally. 
Not just her, but other noblewomen and young ladies too. 
Lin Tian even felt a hint of fear. 
It felt like they were going to devour him, their greed evident. 
Throughout the banquet, Lin Tian was like an innocent young man, teased and flirted with. 
Adele didn’t mind, after all, she was the queen. Who would dare to steal her man? 
…  
However, 
Night fell. 
Adele was still busy handling some trivial matters from her recent appointment. 
Lin Tian stayed alone in the empty room. 
With a creak, the door was pushed open. 
Someone sneaked in. Upon closer look, it was none other than Duchess Jamila from the daytime! 
“Shh, His Highness Dennis, don’t shout. If you dare to shout, I’ll accuse you of molesting me.” 
Jamila threatened directly after closing the door. 
Lin Tian did not resist, he went along with it. 
Although Jamila was a duchess, she was now the true power holder. 
She held immense influence. 
Moreover, she possessed the rare dwarf talent to forge world-class magic tools. 
He had to seize this opportunity. 
Suddenly, footsteps sounded outside. 
Jamila, frightened, quickly hid under Lin Tian’s covers. 
However, it wasn’t Adele who came in, but Winnie and Linda. 
These two sisters were daughters of another duke, their faces still a bit immature, but their minds were filled with impure thoughts. 
“Hmm? The Queen isn’t here? We said we had something to discuss with her.” 
“Yes, what a pity. In that case, we can only discuss it with His Highness Dennis alone.” 
Winnie and Linda exchanged glances. 
Their smiles couldn’t be suppressed by anything. 
Inside the covers, Jamila snorted, thinking, “You two pretentious girls, if I hadn’t arranged for Adele to be sent away, would you even dare to come here?” 
At that moment, more stealthy footsteps sounded outside. 
Winnie and Linda, frightened, quickly turned off the lights and also hid under Lin Tian’s covers. 
“Ah!? Sister Jamila!” 
Winnie and Linda were dumbfounded; there was already someone hidden in the covers! 
Jamila quickly gestured for silence. 
The awkwardness was unbearable. 
Outside, a voice called, “Sister? Are you in there? Hey~ my good sister, I’m sick, come out~” 
The person was Adele’s sister, the blonde dwarf Lin Tian had met at the tavern earlier. 
“Hehe, sister, don’t blame me. Who told you to be so selfish and keep Dennis to yourself!” 
The blonde dwarf chuckled mischievously as she came in. 
She was met with Jamila and the others, all with dark expressions, emerging from the covers. 
The complex and chaotic scene. 
Everyone felt an embarrassment worse than death. 
They covered their faces and ran out. 
Lin Tian lay in bed, knowing the time had come. 
At midnight, Adele finally returned. Despite being tired from the day, she was energetic, “Darling, you couldn’t wait, right? I’m here!” 
In the midst of their activity. 
Lin Tian spoke directly, “Darling, I believe our kingdom is growing weaker. I suggest we restart the Apollo Forge to mass-produce magic tools and strengthen the kingdom.” 
“That’s true, but the other nobles definitely won’t agree, and the citizens won’t support it either.” 
Adele enjoyed herself, thinking aloud. 
Forging magic tools wasn’t as simple as forging iron. 
It required mining special ores deep within the dungeons and collecting various precious materials for enchantment. 
Combined with the dwarves’ God’s Blessing and advanced forging techniques, it could succeed. 
Mass production would require the nation’s efforts. 
Lin Tian responded, “I can handle the nobles. You just need to be firm with the citizens.” 
“But, I feel…” Adele began to say. 
Suddenly, Lin Tian exerted a force, causing her to cry out in pain, “Don’t do this, I was wrong, I agree, okay?” 
“Then it’s settled.” Lin Tian said with an evil smile. 
The next day. 
Adele ordered from the kingdom’s plaza, “Everyone, the ghoul incident served as a wake-up call. If not for Dennis, it could have escalated to unimaginable consequences. 
Therefore, I have decided to restart the Apollo Forge to mass-produce magic tools and establish a magic tool army! 
When the time comes, even if external enemies invade, we can defend our homeland.” 
However, the gathered dwarves strongly opposed. 
“I’m not interested! I’m going back to drink!” 
“Just got appointed and wants us to work, I don’t recognize this queen!” 
“Who cares, it’s none of my business.” 
“What if my hands get dirty?” 
The dwarves began to leave one after another. 
They were known for their stubbornness. 
Otherwise, Lin Tian would have used force to make them work, without much effort. 
They were the kind who would rather die than be subdued. 
Why did the dwarves almost go extinct? They wouldn’t forge magic tools for others even if enslaved. 
Otherwise, magic tools wouldn’t be rare items on the continent. 
And here, royal authority didn’t hold much sway. 
At this moment, Lin Tian stepped forward and said, “Everyone, trust my decision. We must restart the Apollo Forge and prepare for danger in times of peace. We are the last bloodline of the dwarves, we cannot vanish! We must let the hammer and the forge fire continue!” 
Simple words, seen as nonsense by the male dwarves. 
They had no persuasive power. 
But the female dwarves were moved, “That’s right! I support His Highness Dennis!” 
“Men are like useless trash, they should pick up the hammer again!” 
“Exactly, learn from His Highness Dennis!” 
Under the fierce attitude of the tigress-like women, the men didn’t dare to speak up. 
Finally, Adele looked at the group of nobles. 
The noblewomen avoided eye contact. 
Under Jamila’s lead, the other nobles followed suit, with no objections. 
Lin Tian was satisfied, “In the future, I’ll join you in mining and forging. As long as we produce twenty magic tools each day, all the drinks will be free that day! And I’ll drink with you!” 
“Oh my! Did I hear right? His Highness Dennis will join us in the dark, deserted mines? That’s too dangerous!” 
“Drinking with us, what if he gets drunk? Too dangerous!” 
“What if we meet him in the mines, too dangerous!” 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 90: Almost Died 
TL: Sungmin  
“Gah, why do I feel like I’ve put myself in a trap?” Lin Tian gasped. 
Looking at those fierce, wolf-like eyes, he felt an inexplicable fear. 
But overall, the matter of the magic tools was finally about to be resolved. 
Unexpectedly, it was quite easy. No need for soldiers, no need for blades. 
And he could get them for free. 
When the time came, with a thousand pieces of magic equipment, he could build an army strong enough to fight against thousands, including the Great Tomb and the Church. 
Surviving was easy, but becoming strong enough to establish a foothold in the world was difficult. 
He decided to get started immediately. 
The dwarves gathered around the Apollo Forge. 
The entire furnace was huge, hundreds of meters in size, resembling a box. 
It integrated forging, hammering, quenching, and enchanting into one. 
It was left by ancient dwarves. 
Many world-class, half moon-class, and even sun-class magic tools were made on this forging platform. 
One by one, the dwarves pulled the iron chains, chanting slogans, and brought up the giant furnace buried in the pit! 
“Boom!” 
The reappearance of the Apollo Forge was not only shocking to Lin Tian, but also ignited the blood of the dwarves! 
In their genes, hammers and furnace fires called to them. 
The work was clearly divided: some mined, some tended the furnace, and some collected enchanting materials. 
Then, the finest blacksmiths in the city personally forged the magic tools. 
Whether defensive, offensive, or special, the processes were crystal clear in their minds. 
They hadn’t forgotten a thing. 
Although the level of each forged item was uncertain, anything produced by dwarves was guaranteed to be top-notch. 
Even the worst would be tenth-tier. 
Twelfth-tier would be world-class. 
Half moon-class, full moon-class, sun-class—it all depended on luck. 
In history, only one dwarf could consistently forge magic tools of this level, but he died young. 
Lin Tian also strapped on a basket, took a pickaxe, and wore a headlamp-like device. 
There was a glowing stone on his forehead. 
Then he followed the main group into the mining area of the underground palace. 
It wasn’t just to motivate everyone; Lin Tian also wanted to learn the dwarven forging techniques, so he joined in. 
The dwarves were moved to tears. 
Adele was even more gratified to have found such a good man. 
In every aspect, he was excellent. 
Among the dwarves, there was no concept of unfair treatment between men and women. 
Mining was a job for both sexes; whoever needed to go, went. 
All the way, Lin Tian was surrounded by female dwarves. 
Their eyes were dreamy, and their mouths curved up, unable to take their eyes off Lin Tian. 
Their hungry looks were terrifying. 
If any female dwarf dared to make a move, Lin Tian estimated he wouldn’t have a hair left. 
“Your Highness Dennis, you are a king, how can you go into the mines? I’m truly touched.” 
“The more I look at you, the more I like you. What if I can’t help myself in a dark, deserted place?” 
“Strong, responsible, hands-on, I found such a good man. What should I do?” 
“Stop teasing him. What if we scare him? I say we go deeper into the mine first…” 
Lin Tian genuinely felt scared of women! 
Who was he? A goblin, a monster. 
The nemesis of all female creatures. 
Now, he was so frightened by a group of women that his legs were trembling. 
Finally, they arrived at the entrance of the dark mine. 
Lin Tian walked at the end, with a group of female dwarves in front, standing at the edge of the mine’s shadow, urging him to keep up and not get lost. 
The half-hidden shadows made these little dwarves look like little demons. 
“Come on, Your Highness Dennis, what’s wrong?” 
“Keep up with us, don’t get lost.” 
“Come in, are you afraid?” 
Lin Tian finally mustered the courage to step into the dark mine. 
… 
A few hours later. 
A group of female dwarves emerged carrying baskets full of colorful ores and crystals. 
One of them wiped the sweat from her forehead, “Oh, I haven’t done this in a while, and I’m already exhausted.” 
“What do you mean you’re exhausted? Clearly, it’s His Highness Dennis who’s tired, alright?” 
“Oh, it feels so good. Don’t humans have a saying about men and women working together not getting tired? It’s true!” 
As they left happily. 
Behind them, Lin Tian’s legs trembled, his basket containing just a small piece of ore, wobbling as he followed. 
He was mentally dazed, “Damn, I’m never coming to the mine again. That place is really a nightmare, nowhere to run.” 
After returning, he rested for half a day to recover. 
Even a dozen people would tire out a donkey. 
As night fell, everyone had just started their dirty and tiring work for the day. 
Adele made an exception today, and the drinks for the whole city were on the royal family. 
“Dear, I’ll go around to reassure and encourage everyone so they don’t complain.” 
In the palace, Lin Tian said this while enjoying dinner with Adele. 
Adele was a bit worried, “It’s so late, what if you encounter danger?” 
Lin Tian didn’t mind, “I’m not even afraid of ghouls; who could hurt me?” 
Then, he ran towards the city. 
Although he was still a bit scared of those female dwarves who were madly infatuated with him. 
But this was not a dark, deserted mine. In the city, he didn’t believe they would dare to act recklessly. 
Shame should still matter, right? 
Entering a tavern, it was bustling inside. 
The dwarves were drinking, the drunk ones were singing and dancing, playing their traditional dwarf games. 
They were having a blast. 
The fatigue from the day didn’t affect them at all. 
Lin Tian was satisfied with this, “Drink well, everyone. As long as we work hard, we will live the life we want!” 
“Yes! Your Highness Dennis, I still admire you, even though I’m quite jealous.” 
A dwarf downed a gulp of liquor and said. 
At least Lin Tian wasn’t lazy. They were used to being lazy, but as long as they had endless liquor at night, they were fine. 
Normally, they didn’t work much, but then they wouldn’t have as much liquor to drink. 
Lin Tian wandered through several taverns, finally putting his mind at ease. 
As long as the progress of forging the magic tools wasn’t delayed, it was fine. 
They had to finish early and return. 
They had to guard against the Empire, the Church, and even the Great Tomb. 
Suddenly. 
Lin Tian felt something was strange, but he couldn’t pinpoint it, so he continued patrolling each tavern. 
When he arrived outside the last, remote tavern at the end of the street, Lin Tian prepared to leave. 
After all, there were few people there, and everyone was happy to keep working. 
There was no need to go in. 
But he thought he had worked hard all day and could use a drink to warm up. 
As he pushed the door open, he found it was very lively. 
It was even packed! 
You had to watch your step to avoid treading on others’ feet. 
The small tavern accommodated at least a hundred or two hundred people. 
“Welcome to Peggy’s Tavern. Sir, would you like a strong rum, brandy, or perhaps… me?” 
At the bar stood a female dwarf waitress, wearing an adorable maid outfit. 
Her beautiful eyes had locked onto Lin Tian since he entered and hadn’t looked away. 
Not just her, everyone in the tavern seemed to be staring at Lin Tian. 
“Damn! This is bad!” 
Lin Tian finally realized what was wrong. In the previous taverns, it was mostly men. By rights, dwarves, both male and female, were alcoholics. 
There shouldn’t have been no women drinking. 
It turned out they were all gathered here, waiting for him to take the bait! 
He hurriedly turned around, only to find that the waitress had already closed the door and taken out a fist-sized iron lock, locking it tightly. 
“Oh, it’s His Highness Dennis. Are you thirsty? Have some water.” 
A female dwarf, looking very concerned, said and led Lin Tian to the center of the crowd. 
She handed him a glass of water. 
Lin Tian quickly stopped her, took out a dwarven friction lighter and lit it. 
The water burst into a blue flame. 
“Why does this water burn?” 
Lin Tian questioned the female dwarf, his face dark. 
The female dwarf gave an embarrassed smile and quickly took the ‘water’ away. 
Then, the waitress brought another drink, “Sir, try our newly launched oolong tea. It’s very good.” 
“Oolong tea?” 
Lin Tian looked at the brown liquid and then drank it. 
After gulping it down, he realized something was wrong with this oolong tea. A strange fiery strength rushed straight to his head! 
The waitress immediately picked up a bottle and refilled his glass. 
Lin Tian snatched the bottle to check, ‘Special Tea Liquor · Note · Super High 92°!!!’ 
“Ah, crap.” 
This goblin body wasn’t truly a dwarf. 
How could it withstand liquor over ninety percent? 
Half a pint in one glass. 
After drinking it, Lin Tian felt his consciousness blur. 
He was forcibly drunk and passed out. 
… 
When he woke up the next day. 
Lin Tian felt his body was light, as if a gust of wind could blow him away. 
His brain seemed to lag as if it were loading slowly. 
It took half a day to regain control of his numb body. 
“Damn, what’s going on?” 
Lin Tian looked around, seeing female dwarves sprawled everywhere in the tavern. 
Their clothes were disheveled and incomplete. 
Lin Tian struggled to stand, needing to escape quickly! 
But after just two steps, he was panting, “I’m so tired. What’s wrong with me? Did I escape?” 
Looking back, he saw he had barely moved ten meters. 
Already exhausted, he had to rest against the wall. 
“Damn, am I going to die in this Dwarf Kingdom? I thought it would be easy, damn it!” 
Lin Tian felt a chill of fear. Those hundreds of exhausted female dwarves—it was terrifying to imagine what he went through last night! 
Once he got the magic tools, he would leave this place immediately! 
Struggling to the palace entrance, Adele was anxiously waiting there. 
Seeing him, she quickly helped him back. 
“Dear, I feel like I’m about to die…” 
On the bed, Lin Tian coughed a few times. 
Adele looked at his weak state, regretting, “Dear, I should have stopped you from going out last night. It’s my fault. Hold on, don’t leave me.” 
“Ugh…” 
Lin Tian’s head tilted, and he fainted again. 
He didn’t die, but he was severely depleted, suffering from malnutrition and fainted from hunger. 
It took nearly half a month of rest. 
Lin Tian could finally get out of bed and move around, “Since I transmigrated, I’ve faced many dangers and opponents, but this is the first time I’ve been so miserable. Almost died.” 
“No more waiting. I’ll start the Life Simulation System right now, get the magic tools, and leave this damn place.” 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 91: Above the World, Sun, Moon, and Stars 
TL: Sungmin  
Before that, Lin Tian had to discuss the situation with those master-level dwarf blacksmiths. 
They needed to create a magic tool specifically to deal with the undead and the church. 
“Dear, where are you going again? Let me help you,” Adele said, full of concern. 
This time, Lin Tian couldn’t refuse her help even if he wanted to. 
The only comforting thing was that the dwarves had been forging with great care during this period. 
He even heard that they had created a world-class magic tool. 
Soon, they arrived outside the forge. 
One by one, the dwarves were hammering away at the fiery red ores. 
The light from the furnace illuminated their faces, creating a scene rich with artistic ambiance. 
This was the art of forging. 
“Your Majesty the Queen? His Highness Dennis, what brings you here?” The kingdom’s former chief blacksmith, Bill, spoke up, respectfully taking off his hat and bowing. 
Despite being over a hundred years old, he still looked quite vigorous. 
His arms were solid and muscular. 
A true professional at first glance. 
Lin Tian also returned the salute, removing his hat. “Master Bill, I’m here to ask for your help in creating a specific magic tool.” 
“Oh? No problem. However, your legend has already spread throughout the city!” Bill said with a mischievous smile. 
Legend? 
Lin Tian was a bit confused and looked at Adele. “What legend?” 
“The epic battle at the tavern where you defeated hundreds of people, don’t you know? Although you were seriously injured, it was a historic event on the continent, a legendary occurrence,” Adele said with pride and joy, tightly hugging Lin Tian’s arm. 
It was an honor, and she wouldn’t punish the female dwarves for it. 
Lin Tian finally understood. Indeed, he had almost died there. 
But relatively speaking, it was truly a legendary event and quite honorable. 
At this moment, Bill laughed heartily and got down to business. “What kind of magic tool do you need? Explain its purpose.” 
“The strongest beings on the continent are the undead and the holy types, like the church and deities. I want to create a magic tool specifically to deal with them,” Lin Tian explained seriously. 
Hearing this, Bill pondered for a moment. “They might not be the strongest, but indeed, it’s necessary to prepare a tool for them. Leave it to me. I’ll ensure you get a satisfactory magic tool.” 
Hearing his assurance, Lin Tian felt relieved. 
On the way back, the female dwarves eyed Lin Tian like hungry predators, their gazes lecherous. 
Being stared at like that all the way made his scalp tingle. 
It was the first time he used the word “lecherous” to describe girls, especially little loli-type girls. 
Lin Tian stopped and said, “Let’s hurry back.” 
Once they returned to the palace and calmed down a bit, Lin Tian spoke, “System, start the Life Simulation.” 
[The Life Simulation System is starting. Current scenario: Dwarf Kingdom Arc] 
[After much hardship, you finally arrived at the Dwarf Kingdom, where wild little lolis are everywhere, almost making you think it’s paradise. However, you almost lost your life accidentally at the tavern. On the other hand, you became a legendary figure in the Dwarf Kingdom. Not wanting to repeat the same mistakes, you sought guidance from Master Jamila in the palace to learn forging. Days passed, and as your forging skills improved, the dwarves forged more and more magic tools. In a month, they completed seven hundred. In the second month, the female dwarves started to strike, demanding that you share the same hardships, going down to the mines and drinking together. 
Option 1: Agree to share the hardships, score 100 
Option 2: Avoid them, prioritize your life, score 10 
Option 3: Improvise, score 30] 
Seeing the astonishing score differences, Lin Tian didn’t need to think much to know that choosing option 1 would be certain death! 
He would be tormented to death by those female dwarves who could absorb dirt while sitting. 
But if he chose option 2, those guys would definitely strike, including the males, and the progress of magic tool production would fall behind. 
He could only choose option 3 and see what improvisation would do. 
[To appease the female dwarves, you hired several guards and had Adele accompany you closely, going down to the mines again. However, the guards were knocked out, and Adele was sent away. You were nearly dragged into the dark depths of the mine, an extremely terrifying place. With no choice, you had to reveal your strength and forcibly escape. Fortunately, it did not arouse suspicion. At the tavern that night, you stayed outside the door, but the female dwarves brought out many high-proof liquors, and the evaporating alcohol fumes were enough to make you dizzy. Fortunately, you had a large amount of antidote and escaped their clutches. Thus, after three months of wits and bravery, you finally obtained a thousand qualified magic tools, including 700 tenth-tier tools, 250 eleventh-tier tools, and 50 world-class tools.] 
At this point, Lin Tian directly interrupted the Life Simulation. 
Because he could finally escape this hell, Lin Tian took back his previous words—what a damned paradise. 
[Summary: You felt the terrifying side of a peach blossom luck for the first time. Boys should protect themselves when out and about. 
Score: 50 out of 100 
Reward: 50 life points 
This life simulation is complete, with a time progression of three months.] 
The scene shifted. 
Lin Tian was still in the familiar palace, but three months had already passed. 
He went to the magic tool warehouse to check and found it indeed filled with all kinds of magic tools! 
Colorful and radiant! 
They were so dazzling that they could blind anyone with their brilliance. 
“This is a magic tool warehouse! One thousand pieces, fifty world-class ones. A nationwide mobilization almost matched what the dwarves had forged in hundreds of years.” 
Lin Tian thought, it was best that he hadn’t used violence. 
At first, he had planned to capture all the little lolis. 
To enjoy them slowly and force them to forge tools. 
But now, he realized these people were his subjects and could be ordered around. Not capturing them was actually better. 
Only some obsessed girls were truly crazy. 
In broad daylight. 
Indeed, while others sought alms, they… 
“Space magic ring? Time magic ring?” 
During his inspection, Lin Tian found these two exquisite magic tools placed in a box. 
[Space Magic Ring: One of the top ten magic rings crafted by ancient dwarves. It can store a large number of items without increasing the ring’s weight, but it is limited to inanimate objects. Living beings that enter will have their souls trapped forever.] 
Lin Tian’s eyes lit up. In this world, it was indeed a great item. 
Unlike the fantasy cultivation world, space storage tools were extremely precious. 
However, this was definitely not one of the top ten ancient magic rings. It was probably a replica made by some dwarf artisan. 
As for the other ring, it was definitely world-class. 
[Time Magic Ring: One of the top ten magic rings crafted by ancient dwarves. It can store time to fast-forward or rewind, and even steal someone else’s lifespan.] 
Lin Tian immediately put these two treasures on his fingers. 
Having ten of them would be even better. 
But after searching everywhere, he only found these two ring-type magic tools, and he didn’t like the other jewelry-type magic tools. 
He then pocketed all of them in one go. 
“This space ring is crafted so perfectly.” 
Lin Tian couldn’t help but laugh. 
Previously, he had planned to sneak them out, but now it was unnecessary. 
He then closed the door to the magic tool warehouse. 
It was time to find that old guy Bill. 
He wasn’t sure if the magic tool he had requested had been successfully forged. 
Arriving outside the forge, Lin Tian felt an invisible pressure permeating the air. 
The large forge that previously could accommodate ten craftsmen forging simultaneously. 
Now only had Bill’s old yet upright figure. 
Holding a hammer, he was frantically hammering away. 
Each clash of metal resonated with the soul! 
Gradually, sparks of lightning began to burst from his hammering! The sound of hammering became thunderous! 
“Oh my, as expected of Master Bill!” 
“Did he really forge it? A half-moon-class magic tool!” 
“With the addition of Thunder Bull horns, he managed to replicate the power of thunder!” 
“Even with a fragmented forging blueprint, Master Bill could recreate it. I have a lot to learn.” 
The top dwarf artisans exclaimed in amazement. 
After a long time, Bill placed the red-hot magic tool into the quenching pool. 
This time, instead of the special quenching liquid, it contained the blood of dwarves. 
With the sound of sizzling bubbles. 
Bill used tongs to retrieve the magic tool. 
It was a spear! 
“Zizz!” 
A wild bolt of lightning struck Bill’s face on the spot. 
Everyone’s hearts jumped, wanting to check on him. 
Bill covered his face, marked by a lightning wound, “I’m fine, don’t come over.” 
Enduring the rampant lightning, he continued hammering the spear. 
But he used a different hammer, one inscribed with many runes. 
Each strike imprinted a rune on the spear. 
Finally, the spear gradually calmed down. 
Bill held it in his hand, the sky changing color! Thunder and lightning! 
It was like the arrival of Zeus, bringing a powerful visual shock! 
“Although it can’t compare to the original Spear of Zeus crafted by pure-blood ancient dwarves, it can be considered a half-moon-class weapon.” 
Bill said with a sigh, holding the spear as if filled with power! 
Above the world, the sun, moon, and stars! 
A half-moon-class weapon, only usable by the gods above the world. 
Now, it was in his hands. 
He aimed it at a towering small mountain outside the city. 
Gathering strength, preparing to throw. 
The power of thunder began to surge in his hand, crackling as if he were bathed in lightning! 
“Swish!” 
The spear transformed into a sky-shattering bolt of lightning, shooting towards the small mountain! 
In an instant, a sea of thunder erupted there! 
The top of the small mountain was directly blasted apart! 
Then, the loud explosion reached them, accompanied by a gale! 
Blowing so hard that people couldn’t open their eyes. 
“Oh my! It’s been a long time since we’ve seen the power of a half-moon-class magic tool!” 
“How gratifying.” 
“We shouldn’t be lazy. With our dwarven skills, we should make more of these to sell and have endless drinks! Hahaha!” 
“Yes, and we can eat all kinds of pies! Heehee!” 
The dwarves were not warlike, possessing such divine forging skills, yet still thinking about selling for money to drink. 
Clearly capable of robbing, yet they honestly gave you money. 
Lin Tian felt both speechless and fortunate. 
If they were warlike, it would have been impossible to obtain these magic tools. 
On the forge, Bill looked extremely weak after the throw, stretching out his hand, and the spear flew back as lightning. 
“Your Highness Dennis, this is the magic tool I forged for you, the Spear of Zeus. Although it’s not the genuine article, it’s sufficient.” Bill said, panting with exhaustion. 
Lin Tian hurriedly went up to support him and took the spear. 
Overall, it looked like an ordinary spear, except the front part was a half Z-shaped lightning form, and the shaft was covered with various ancient runes. 
1.9k words, 1 day break 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 92: Obtaining the Magic Tool, Farewell to the Dwarf Kingdom! 
TL: Sungmin  
After a long while, Bill slightly recovered. 
He explained, “The Spear of Zeus consumes a lot of energy. Only those with abundant energy can use it effectively without becoming weak.” 
This characteristic was very fitting for Zeus, the chief of the Olympian gods. 
Zeus was indeed full of energy. 
No wonder Bill couldn’t handle it after just one use. 
This was also why he recreated the Spear of Zeus for Lin Tian. 
After all, he had taken down hundreds of people in the tavern. 
“So that’s how it is. But this thing… against the undead and the holy types…” 
Lin Tian was pleased, but his main reason for having the magic tool made was to deal with the Great Tomb and the Church. 
It seemed that the Spear of Zeus didn’t have any special properties against them. 
Bill explained, “The Spear of Zeus can restrain the undead and balance out the holy types, making it the best choice.” 
Suddenly, Lin Tian understood. 
Even though Lin Tian was a monster, he could still use it, as dwarves were also a type of monster. 
Olympian gods were somewhat different from the God of the Church. 
Even monsters could use the power of the Olympian gods because their power came from nature. 
Zeus, thunder. 
Poseidon, the sea. 
“I see. Thank you, Master Bill.” 
Lin Tian was about to leave. 
He was suddenly called back, “Wait, it hasn’t been bound yet. Drip your blood into the refining liquid. Only then can you summon it back directly when you throw it.” 
Magic tools were different from regular weapons. 
Moreover, this was a half moon-class item. 
Lin Tian cut his palm and dripped blood into the strange refining liquid. 
Suddenly. 
Bill’s brows furrowed slightly, showing a hint of surprise as he held the spear, hesitating to put it into the refining liquid. 
“What’s wrong, Master?” 
Lin Tian asked in confusion. 
Bill looked at him, a trace of fear flashing in his eyes, but he quickly recovered. 
He completed the refining of the Spear of Zeus. 
Only then did Lin Tian truly possess it. No one but him could unleash its power, and others would even be harmed by it. 
With the item in hand, Lin Tian didn’t linger. After leaving a letter, he headed straight for the city outskirts. 
The letter’s main message was about going out on an adventure and leading the dwarves back to the surface. 
This would not only dispel any doubts but also establish a more majestic image in the dwarves’ hearts. 
The plan went smoothly. 
No one discovered him along the way. 
But when he reached the cliff path, just a step away from the outside, a familiar figure suddenly appeared! 
It was Bill! 
“Your Highness Dennis, no, what is your real name?” 
Now, Bill wore ancient silver armor and held an imposing warhammer, probably of world-class quality. 
He was no longer the amiable person from before. 
In his youth, he was the number one warrior of the dwarves. 
Lin Tian’s expression changed, warily asking, “Master Bill, what is this?” 
Bill laid it all out, “Stop pretending. Your blood was green just now. You’re not a dwarf at all. Instead, only one race has blood similar to ours, and that’s… goblins!” 
“What are you talking about?” 
Lin Tian squinted his eyes, already intent on killing. 
The dwarves still had their uses. Although Bill was valuable, he was not worth more than the entire dwarf race. 
If he let Bill go back, the image he had built would collapse. 
Despite his wrinkles, Bill’s eyes were sharp and shrewd. “The space magic ring is probably filled with the magic tools we’ve crafted recently, right?” 
“Why bother… I really don’t want to kill you.” 
Lin Tian instantly vanished from his spot, transforming into his hideous goblin form, appearing behind Bill. 
He pounced, pinning Bill to the ground, stomping on him hard. 
His strength was over five thousand, while Bill’s was only two or three thousand. 
There was no comparison. 
He also manipulated the Life Armor to envelop the hammer, embedding it deeply into the ground. 
Bill didn’t even have the chance to use his world-class weapon. 
“So you really are a goblin, a high-tier one? I was just curious why you went to such lengths to obtain so many magic tools instead of simply stealing them. Such cunning.” 
Bill couldn’t help but marvel. 
Looking at Lin Tian’s sharp teeth and blood-red eyes, he said. 
The pressure was immense. 
Lin Tian didn’t rush to kill him. He explained, “What else? Of course, it’s to fight the Great Tomb and the Church. I come from the Lionheart Empire.” 
“What?! The Great Tomb… the Church! No wonder you had me craft those weapons. It seems your strength far surpasses that of our entire kingdom.” Bill was still awestruck. 
He had heard of the Great Tomb and the Holy Church. 
To be able to oppose such forces, Lin Tian’s strength was unimaginable to him. 
Sighing, Bill added, “I see you’re a high-tier intelligent species and seem to have no malice towards us. I just hope that when the time comes, you can lead the dwarves back to the surface. I believe under your influence, they might even serve you.” 
In the past few months, Lin Tian had been the focal point of the entire Dwarf Kingdom. 
Bill had been keeping an eye on him. 
Even now that he knew Lin Tian was a goblin, with his wisdom, he would definitely not harm the dwarves. 
Instead, he would make good use of them. 
If Lin Tian were human, Bill would fight to the death. 
Upon hearing this, Lin Tian retracted the Life Armor and released his foot. “Master Bill, I’m glad you understand me. If we meet again in a few months, I would welcome the dwarves to join my empire.” 
Empire? 
Bill’s eyelid twitched as he watched Lin Tian’s departing figure in astonishment. 
“I never expected that after decades of the dwarves staying underground, the outside world has changed so much that even goblins have plans to establish a nation…” 
He sighed, rubbing his old waist that had almost been broken, and slowly made his way back. 
Lin Tian’s plan to establish a nation was not just idle talk. 
If his tribe could survive the great battle in two months, the remaining resources would be enough to establish a nation. 
On one side was the Great Tomb, on the other was the Lionheart Empire. 
If he could annex them all, 
he could even create a force not weaker than those super empires. 
After leaving the Dwarf Kingdom, he whistled, and Xiao Huan excitedly flew down. 
He immediately headed towards the Tian Kuang Tribe. 
After several months, who knew what had happened there? 
On the way, Lin Tian passed through the Lionheart Empire, his expression grave.  
“Wow, so many people are heading towards the imperial city, and they’re still recruiting soldiers!?” 
On every small and large road, there were groups of travelers with large and small bags on their way. 
Like ants returning to their nest. 
“But no matter how many there are, I will surely win this time.” 
Lin Tian accelerated, sweeping across the sky. 
The space ring on his hand emitted a faint black glow. 
This was the glow of victory. 
… 
The Tian Kuang Tribe. 
It was like a bustling marketplace, noisy and chaotic, with people feeling uneasy and somewhat agitated. 
Because there were simply too many goblins now. 
And a large number of breeding monsters. 
On the eastern side of the valley, the area was densely packed with low-level goblins. 
The breeding ground for monsters was built there, producing frantically day and night. 
Gobu Yue specifically captured low-level monsters like pigs, cows, dogs, and rats to breed goblins. 
They had many mammary glands. 
A single litter could be raised directly. 
In three months, they had produced fifty thousand low-level goblins! 
Additionally, other high-tier monsters had produced about ten thousand, all of which had evolved into big variants. 
As for hero variants, they hadn’t started developing yet. 
That would consume too many resources and flesh, so they would decide after Lin Tian returned. 
“Wow, it’s so lively here!” 
From a distance, Lin Tian noticed and heard the situation inside the tribe. 
He couldn’t help but feel shocked! 
The sheer number of goblins was enough to make one’s scalp tingle! 
The eastern valley was almost out of space. 
He had to land on the western side. 
“Look, the boss is back!” 
When they saw the familiar bipedal dragon, the goblins were overjoyed! 
“Boss, oh my boss, I’ve missed you so much!” 
“Woohoo, my boss!” 
Hearing their bizarre welcome, Lin Tian had Xiao Huan breathe a dragon flame, burning them into a panicked scramble. 
He scolded, “Stop acting foolish. Gobu Yue, you did a great job. There must be fifty or sixty thousand goblins here, right?” 
After landing, he praised Gobu Yue with a pat. 
She replied happily, “About that many.” 
“Alright, Gobu Kuang, you three better not be causing any trouble.” 
Immediately, Lin Tian’s expression turned cold. 
The three of them stood at attention, not daring to move. 
Gobu Kuang scratched his head and grinned foolishly, “No, no, we just accidentally went out and accidentally raided a few towns, and accidentally captured a few adventurer teams…” 
“Boss, I followed your orders and monitored the Lionheart Empire’s movements, but accidentally provoked the Church and was chased for half a month.” Gobu Tian said awkwardly. 
“Hehe, I’m the most honest. I didn’t do anything.” 
Gobu Shan proudly puffed out his chest, as if he were the most obedient. 
Lin Tian glanced at the distant adventurers, tortured to the point of being unrecognizable, knowing exactly who was responsible. 
It was none other than Gobu Shan, who seemed the most gentle. 
Lin Tian sighed like an exasperated father, “You guys never stop causing trouble. Fine, here are some great treasures for you.” 
At this moment, Alice, who had been resting in the cave, also walked out. 
When she saw Lin Tian suddenly take out a world-class magic tool, she was stunned! 
“That’s–!” Alice exclaimed in disbelief. 
She had seen some things in her time, but world-class weapons were rare. 
Now, a real world-class weapon was right in front of her! 
An unprecedented shock hit her worldview! 
“The Void Dagger, Gobu Tian, you take it. It’s very powerful, so use it carefully.” 
In Lin Tian’s hand appeared a dark blue dagger, with a handle that swirled with a black hole-like effect. 
It could create a basketball-sized teleportation point, just enough for Gobu Tian to pass through. 
When attacking others, the damage would cause a void effect, impossible to heal or repair. 
A single stab would leave a void-like hole. 
The heart would disappear, the brain would disappear, and no one could save them. 
If it struck these vital parts, death was certain. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 93: Danger, the Severely Injured Cannibal Eagle 
TL: Sungmin  
When Gobu Tian took the dagger, he felt the terrifying power within it and trembled! 
“Th-thank you, Boss!” 
Immediately after, Lin Tian took out four more eleventh-tier magic weapons: a sword, shield, axe, and halberd. 
They were all exquisitely made and forged from rare ores. 
Most importantly, these weapons could release and enhance magical attacks. 
Lin Tian said, “Gobu Kuang, these weapons are for you. They serve as magical mediums, releasing different magical attacks.” 
“I’m so touched, Boss! By the way, I also captured a few beautiful female adventurers over there, kept them for you!” 
Gobu Kuang suddenly remembered and mentioned. 
Upon hearing this, Lin Tian felt very gratified, “It’s good that you have this thought, but I’m not interested right now.” 
He had almost met his end in the Dwarf Kingdom, because of its women. 
He hadn’t had any such desires for some time now. 
But since Gobu Kuang was so considerate, he decided to give him a world-class magic weapon later. 
“What about me, Boss!” At this moment, Gobu Shan said expectantly. 
Lin Tian gave him a stern look, “You have an unhealthy mindset. Remember to correct it. Here.” 
With that, he took out a long spear and a sturdy shield, both gleaming with brilliance. 
“Another world-class weapon!!” 
Nearby, Alice and Goblin Slayer, who had been in contact with the human world, were utterly shocked! 
Lin Tian explained, “This is called Athena’s Spear and Shield, top-tier equipment in both attack and defense. Remember to disguise it well, don’t show off too much.” 
They were indeed too extravagant. 
They would easily attract attention. 
Gobu Shan was trembling with excitement. Even though he didn’t fully understand, he knew how precious and powerful these weapons were. He was overwhelmed with gratitude, “Boss, I’d die for you without hesitation!” 
“Hmph, just empty words.” Lin Tian said proudly. 
In his heart, he was still fond of these few. They had been loyal and had followed him since they were young. 
As their wisdom grew, their rebellious nature gradually diminished. Even if Lin Tian couldn’t defeat them, they wouldn’t vie for the boss’s position. 
Finally, Alicenia couldn’t help but ask, “Messenger, where did you get so many high-tier magic weapons? Just these few pieces surpass the entire stock of the Lionheart Empire and the Church!” 
The Lionheart Empire had no world-class weapons, and the Church only had one. 
How could they not be astonished? 
“Thanks to the guidance of God, I found the dwarves, who forged these magic weapons for me.” Lin Tian said solemnly. 
This explanation was the only one that could make them believe. 
“God, dwarves?! Oh my, so the dwarves weren’t extinct? They’ve been searched for across the continent for decades without success, and yet…” 
Alice was excited and amazed, more convinced than ever that Lin Tian was a divine messenger. 
Seeing her, Lin Tian remembered, “Oh right, take this weapon.” 
He then took out a few world-class magic weapons he had discovered early on in the magic weapon vault. 
The Ominous Blade and the Eye of the Darkspawn. 
With Jamila’s help, these two world-class magic weapons had been fused together. 
Not only could they unleash the power of the demon dragon, but if the souls within the Eye of the Darkspawn could be controlled and conquered. 
One could even gain the ability to transform into a Darkspawn. 
Transforming into one of the most brutal, powerful ancient races. 
A race born from bloodlust, war, and death. 
Lin Tian wasn’t confident he could do it, but he believed Alice could, so he directly handed the fused weapon to her. 
“Wh-what is this?! Such a strange and terrifying aura!” 
Even Alice felt a sense of dread at first sight of the fused weapon. 
After all, the demon dragon was the most savage dragon of ancient times, killed only through a joint effort by the continent. 
The Darkspawn were even more terrifying. 
After the establishment of the war rules system by various countries, wars were controlled, and the Darkspawn gradually went extinct. 
Each one of them had power far surpassing Alice. 
It was normal to feel dread. 
The black bone blade seemed alive, and the Eye of the Darkspawn at the junction of the hilt and blade stared fixedly at Alice. 
An ominous aura filled the entire valley. 
Everyone around felt a chill down their spines. 
Lin Tian couldn’t care less; Alice needed a handy weapon to bring out her true power, “Go, pick it up. This is a weapon bestowed upon you by God. Conquer it!” 
“But, shouldn’t God give me a holy weapon?” Alice asked, full of doubt. 
She had already raised Lin Tian and their child for several months without being tainted by the Blood of Ruin, and her holy power had long been restored. 
But she firmly stood by Lin Tian’s side. 
Until she redeemed the Church and the Empire, those devils. 
Lin Tian was slightly stunned but explained, “This weapon contains powerful magical creatures. You should conquer them to prevent them from falling into the wrong hands and harming the world. Isn’t this a sacred mission?” 
Upon hearing this, Alice seemed to understand something. 
Her cold gaze became more determined. 
Alice reached out and picked up the Ominous Blade. 
In an instant! 
It felt as though her head would explode, with two strange and terrifying forces surging into it! 
In a daze, she saw an enormous demonic dragon, over a thousand meters long, roaring. 
There was also a blood-soaked monster, several meters tall, fiercely fighting in the midst of a war-torn crowd. 
The scene was blood-red and creepy, the stench of death was almost palpable. 
“Yes, just like that, pick me up, go kill, incite wars, plant seeds of hatred! I will grant you unmatched power!” 
A sinister, raspy, and evil voice echoed in Alice’s mind! 
It came from the Darkspawn. 
She saw that the hand holding the Ominous Blade was being eroded, covered in spider-web-like crimson cracks. 
They were deepening. 
Alice’s eyes started to turn red, as if she was becoming a true Darkspawn. 
“Oh my god, what is this thing? I’ve never felt anything like this, it’s terrifying!!” 
Gobu Kuang and the others couldn’t help but tremble! 
Their eyes were filled with fear and anxiety. 
Every creature, whether monster or human, in the Tian Kuang Tribe, was affected. 
Regardless of the race, the terrifying memories of the ancient times dominated by the Darkspawn seemed to awaken within their souls! 
Suddenly! 
The voice of the Darkspawn quivered, as if sensing fear, “You!” 
“Swish!” 
Alice’s entire body was enveloped in intense holy light, and she regained her noble and sacred appearance. 
But her soul had already been reborn. 
“Hmph, you think you can deceive me? God is with me!!!” 
Alice let out a soft shout, forcibly suppressing the power of the Darkspawn. 
The demonic dragon also settled down, no longer restless. 
Alice’s beautiful, snow-white chest heaved with heavy breaths, “Indeed, God has helped me. This was the right choice, Messenger, I will see it through to the end!” 
“God is with you,” Lin Tian replied. 
He no longer feared Alice’s betrayal. Having already slaughtered so many, even if she realized the truth, she wouldn’t dare admit it. 
She could only walk this path to the end. 
He then gave her a tenth-tier defensive armor that matched her current aura. 
It was pitch-black and imposing. 
Next, he gave Gobu Yue a world-class accessory, ‘Tear of Cupid.’ 
If the wearer suffered a fatal injury, they would be protected in an indestructible tear-shaped crystal. 
No one could break it, only the power of love could. 
Goblin Slayer also received a world-class accessory, the ‘Divine Bracelet.’ 
It was somewhat like a Poké Ball. 
It could store loyal subordinates within the divine spaces of the bracelet, releasing them to fight at any time. 
And it could enhance them. 
It could store up to six divine spaces at a time. 
“When the time comes, go capture some Goblin Overlords to strengthen them to the level of Goblin Kings…” Lin Tian smiled and said. 
Goblin Slayer, holding the world-class magic item, felt as if she were in a dream, “But what if I most want to capture you?” 
“Uh, don’t joke around.” 
The remaining items were for the elves. 
Cassandra remained unchanged, like a proud little goblin, her arrogance written on her face. 
Even though everyone else was amazed, she acted indifferent. 
Lia, on the other hand, was still mature and alluring. 
Over time, as she helped Lin Tian with various tasks, she had become somewhat reliable. 
“I never thought that the leader of a small goblin tribe of a hundred could grow to this extent,” Lia sighed, grateful for her choice. 
Although Lin Tian had slaughtered her kin, as the tribe matriarch, she had to endure, ensuring the survival of the rest. 
Perhaps she didn’t have grand ambitions, but she was a good tribe matriarch. 
The elves, who initially misunderstood, were now grateful. 
Lin Tian took out a world-class longbow and said, “There should be no barriers between us now. I trust you. Take this; the elves are an important combat force for our Tian Kuang Tribe.” 
‘God-Hunting Longbow.’ 
When fully charged for three seconds, it would hit the target with 100% accuracy, unavoidable. 
This was the perverse nature of world-class magic items. Lin Tian still had dozens of them, like cabbages. 
Although the trip to the Dwarf Kingdom nearly killed him, it was worth it. 
Fortunately, he hadn’t used violence. Otherwise, he would have only obtained the three initial items from the magic vault. 
Lia, extremely moved, took the longbow, “Boss, I will always follow you.” 
She knelt on one knee as she spoke. 
Lin Tian looked down and saw something bigger than his head, swallowing his saliva, “Ahem, you can get up now.” 
He needed to abstain for a few months, couldn’t afford to break his resolve. 
Cassandra remained proud, “Hmph, trash. It’s just a bow, what’s so special about it.” 
“Child, you can’t be rude to the boss.” Lia scolded quickly. 
Lin Tian indicated it was fine, patting her little head, “You’ve grown taller. I have to stand on tiptoe to touch your head now. What weapon do you want?” 
“I don’t want anything, hmph.” Cassandra pouted and turned away. 
Lin Tian thought for a moment and took out a pair of earrings. Although they were eleventh-tier magic items, they were enough. 
He said, “Kaelin’s Earrings. In dwarf legends, Kaelin was the most beautiful demi-goddess, but she was killed by a god who envied her. Whoever wears these earrings will become the most beautiful woman in the world in others’ eyes.” 
It was essentially a charm effect. 
Cassandra’s heart was itching as she looked at the alluring earrings and snatched them away, “Hmph, I’ll forgive you today, trash.” 
Lin Tian smiled relievedly; he’d deal with this little one when fully recovered. 
He had given out almost everything. 
The remaining magic items would be bestowed upon the elite army once established. 
Giving them out now would be wasteful. 
“By the way, Boss, the Cannibal Eagle Lord came by a while ago, looking very wretched, with one of its wings broken. It seemed to be looking for you but left since you weren’t here.” Gobu Yue remembered and said. 
Goblin Slayer added, “We wanted to ask what happened, but it didn’t say anything.” 
“The Cannibal Eagle? I’ll go check. You all should hide these magic items well, don’t make them too conspicuous.” 
After giving instructions, Lin Tian rode away on Xiao Huan. 
The Cannibal Eagle was one of his closest allies in this great tomb. 
Despite having no blood relation, it treated him sincerely. 
A rare friend indeed, and he couldn’t stand by when it was in trouble. 
1.9 words again lol 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 94: Revenge 
TL: Sungmin  
Following his memory, he quickly arrived at the Giant Forest. 
It was still a familiar scene, with tall trees reaching the clouds and massive trunks that made a strong visual impact. 
This was far more shocking than the Myriad Forms Forest where the elves lived. 
“Brother Birdman sure knows how to choose a place to live. There’s no fear of encountering any threats here,” Lin Tian couldn’t help but remark. 
Soon, he saw the nest of the Cannibal Eagle Tribe. 
Some cannibal eagles were resting outside. 
However, upon closer inspection, Lin Tian frowned. Many of those cannibal eagles seemed to be injured. 
Some were even seriously wounded, with bones exposed. 
When they noticed Lin Tian, the cannibal eagles clearly panicked and started scattering, hiding in their nests. 
They cautiously stuck their heads out to check. 
“Don’t be afraid, it’s me, Goblin,” Lin Tian called out, having visited a few times and being somewhat familiar. 
The cannibal eagles timidly came out. 
Seeing their miserable state, Lin Tian frowned and asked, “What’s happened to you? How did you get hurt here?” 
These injuries were unusual. 
Regardless of age or gender, everyone was injured, and it was clearly from beatings. 
A group of cannibal eagles cowered, not daring to speak. 
“Where’s Brother Birdman? Don’t tell me he’s bullying you guys?” Lin Tian cursed and started looking around. 
At this moment, a female cannibal eagle came out and said, “The lord… he fell ill…” 
She was the wife of the cannibal eagle lord. 
However, she looked very haggard, with many feathers forcibly plucked. 
“Fell ill?” Lin Tian hurried into the nest behind her. 
On a simple pile of grass, the Cannibal Eagle Lord lay. 
His eyes were tightly closed, his whole body shivering in pain as if suffering from severe chills. 
Moreover, he was missing a wing! 
“What the hell happened? How did the lord end up like this?” Lin Tian quickly asked. 
His wife immediately burst into tears, “It’s the lords from the west and north, they did this, boo hoo…” 
“They came once before and beat him badly. He thought about asking you for help, but you weren’t around. He couldn’t bear to ask your tribe for help, fearing they would get hurt, boo hoo…” 
“Then, when he came back, those lords brought their tribes over, broke his wing, roasted it in front of us, and ate it. They also beat us all, boo hoo…” 
The female cannibal eagle sobbed as she spoke. 
She was very pitiful. 
Lin Tian’s eyes twisted with rage, scaring the cannibal eagles outside who had gathered to look. They quickly retreated. 
He questioned, “Why did the Northern and Western Lords attack you? Aren’t they afraid of the Great Tomb’s wrath?” 
“Because my lord introduced you to the Great Tomb and you became the Grand Lord, they bore a grudge…” The female cannibal eagle continued. 
Lin Tian squinted, exuding a terrifying cold aura, and slowly nodded, “I understand, Madam. I’m really sorry for causing brother Birdman to end up like this.” 
“Please wait a moment. I’ll be back soon.” 
Then, Lin Tian brought his pet Ifreya to the Cannibal Eagle Tribe. 
Now, she had mastered many healing and defense magic spells. 
However, she couldn’t learn world-class magic yet, as her level wasn’t high enough; it had to be over level 99. 
Lin Tian looked at everyone and asked, “Can you heal them?” 
Ifreya, full of confidence, said, “Don’t worry, Master. These external injuries are easy to heal. High-tier magic: Healing Rain!” 
From the sky, a green rain fell. 
It covered ten times the area it did before, even directly covering half of the Cannibal Eagle Tribe. 
In one go, it healed all the injured cannibal eagles. 
Their injuries visibly recovered. 
“Oh my god, is this healing magic? I healed so quickly!” 
“Thank you, Lord Goblin!” 
“Our lord is saved too, great!” 
The cannibal eagles were extremely excited. Despite being a lord’s tribe, they were in a pitiful state now. 
Lin Tian then took Ifreya into the nest. 
“Can you heal him?” 
Looking at Brother Birdman’s injuries, Ifreya frowned, “I can’t restore his wing unless I learn that world-class magic. For now, I can only heal him.” 
“Really? That’s enough.” 
Lin Tian was slightly surprised, not expecting that world-class magic could achieve such feats. 
He just needed to save Brother Birdman. 
Ifreya picked up her magic book and cast super-tier magic, “Redemption Star!” 
In the night sky. 
A meteor flashed by, taking away Brother Birdman’s pain. 
Gradually, he finally opened his eyes, breathing steadily, “Little Tian, why are you here? Am I hallucinating, or did I die? The pain is gone!” 
“Brother Birdman, it’s me. You’re not dead, and it’s not a hallucination. I’ve come to save you.” Lin Tian said. 
Looking at the familiar faces and hearing his wife’s relieved and excited sobs, the Cannibal Eagle finally came to his senses. 
But then he clenched his fists in anger, “Those damned bastards, Little Tian, I want to ask you for a favor!” 
“No need to say it, I already plan to do that.” Lin Tian replied coldly, his eyes flashing with murderous intent. 
The Cannibal Eagle was deeply grateful, “With your word, I’m relieved. Let’s gather a large number of monsters and give those two lords in the north and west a good beating!” 
“Beat them? Heh, hold on, I’ve got something for you first.” Lin Tian took out an eleventh-tier magic tool. 
‘Blades of Wings.’ 
“Swish!” 
This pair of wings, full of sharp blades, was crafted from Rhines metal. They were very light but incredibly durable, especially sharp. 
Combined with the dwarves’ enchantment, the user’s speed would greatly increase. 
Everyone’s eyes were drawn to these wings! 
They were stunning, with an overall black tone accented by silver edges, giving a cold and noble feel. 
“This!” 
The Cannibal Eagle, having participated in the Great Tomb and Church’s Holy War, had seen many magic tools. 
He could recognize at a glance that this was a high-tier magic tool, extremely precious! 
He hurriedly refused, “Little Tian, I can’t accept something so precious!” 
Lin Tian looked helpless, “Do you think I need a pair of wings?” 
Saying that, he prepared to install the wings on the Cannibal Eagle. 
But before that, the remaining wing had to be broken. 
The Cannibal Eagle gritted his teeth, “Do it!” 
“Swish!” 
As soon as the words fell, Lin Tian gave him no time to prepare mentally and directly used the Blades of Wings to cut off his wing. 
The longer the wait, the greater the mental pressure. 
“Ah!” 
The excruciating pain made the Cannibal Eagle’s feathers stand up! 
Ifreya quickly healed his wound. 
Immediately after, Lin Tian placed the Blades of Wings on his back, pressed a mechanism, and a row of fine long needles embedded into the flesh, completing the installation. 
“Be careful, the sharpness of this thing is no joke.” After installing, Lin Tian said. 
He was really afraid that a single flap would dismember everyone. 
The Cannibal Eagle cautiously walked outside. 
“Swish!” 
He spread the huge Blades of Wings, almost ten meters wide! 
Each feather was a sharp butcher’s knife! 
Then, as he flapped his wings, he turned into a blur and disappeared into the Giant Forest. 
The wings emitted a faint magical glow. 
He gained a speed boost. 
Flying past a towering tree, the next second, the giant tree was cut in half and fell with a crash. 
He could also shoot feathers, which were enough to pierce through a tree trunk. 
“Little Tian, this thing is amazing! I don’t know how to thank you!” The Cannibal Eagle flew back excitedly. 
Lin Tian said calmly, “It’s nothing, it’s not precious to me. Let’s get going, I’m eager to feel the thrill of tearing their flesh apart.” 
Although the Cannibal Eagles were thrilled, they were also a bit frightened. 
This Goblin seemed like a different person. 
Terrifyingly deep, once a harmless little lackey, now finally showing his sharp edge. 
“I’ve longed for this moment as well!” 
The Cannibal Eagle’s sharp eyes gazed into the distance. 
The flames of revenge were ignited. 
Lin Tian returned to notify Gobu Kuang, Alice, and the others to set off, just in time to test the magic tools he had obtained. 
To avoid embarrassment from not knowing how to use them later. 
… 
Western Region of the Great Tomb 
This area was rich in resources, mainly composed of water sources like rivers and lakes. 
Beneath the calm and deep waters lurked many fierce and terrifying monsters. 
At this moment, a low-tier monster, a giant-eyed dragonfly, was laying eggs on the lake’s surface. 
Just as its tail touched the water’s surface! 
A webbed hand suddenly reached out from below and grabbed the dragonfly’s tail. 
It was a member of the Water Demon Tribe, the ruler of the western lake. 
They looked somewhat human but had fish-like bodies and moved very quickly in the water. 
Upon coming ashore, they would transform into legs. 
With brown skin and dirty, wet long hair. 
Their faces were twisted and pockmarked, with no eyelids, and gills on their necks were blood-red. 
Extremely ugly. 
They exposed their dense sharp teeth and bit off the dragonfly’s head, sucking the thick, foul-smelling juice. 
In a few gulps, it was sucked dry. 
Casually tossing it aside, they dove back into the water to lurk. 
“This season is when giant-eyed dragonflies lay eggs. Water demons love to suck their juices. Despite the calm water, many water demons are lurking below.” 
On a protruding boulder on a hillside, the Cannibal Eagle explained. 
Behind him were Lin Tian, his group, and many Goblins, including Lia and Alice. 
“Underwater, huh? I can’t swim,” Gobu Kuang said, scratching his head. 
The others were the same. 
Lin Tian squinted his eyes darkly, “Perfect, let’s develop some Goblins that are naturally good swimmers. These water demons are the best breeding tools.” 
“But how do we lure them out?” Lia asked helplessly. 
They were underwater, and knowing there were so many people above, they wouldn’t come out rashly. 
Lin Tian smiled crookedly, “I don’t believe only water demons live in this lake.” 
He then used the ‘call’ skill! 
With his mind, he controlled all the monsters in the lake, as long as they weren’t highly intelligent. 
Everyone stared at the lake. 
Time passed by, but nothing happened, it remained calm. 
At this moment. 
A surge of crimson blood churned in the lake! 
Gradually, large amounts of blood appeared around, increasing until the entire lake turned into a blood lake! 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 95: Are You Lucky or Unlucky? 
TL: Sungmin  
“Swish!” 
A large number of water demons leaped out of the lake. 
There were several hundred of them. 
Their faces were full of surprise and shock, some even had wounds on their bodies. 
“What’s going on? Have those beasts gone mad? They bite me as soon as they see me! Even after killing many of them, they still chased and bit me!” 
“Being chased and bitten by low-level monsters is nothing. I was swallowed by a big monster fish at the bottom of the lake! Fortunately, I crawled out through its gills.” 
“Who on earth is behind this?” 
The water demons’ sharp and ear-piercing voices resounded as they discussed the sudden incident. 
“Boom!” 
At this moment, the Water Demon Lord, several times larger than the others, jumped out! 
His entire body was covered in rugged muscles, with a ferocious fish face. After coming ashore, he transformed into a humanoid shape, able to stand on two legs. 
In his hands, he held a giant crocodile and a devil black fish. 
Both were powerful seventh-tier monsters. 
The Water Demon Lord’s expression was gloomy and terrifying. He crushed the two seventh-tier monsters to death. “Something is wrong, someone is controlling these beasts!” 
“Hmph, I didn’t expect you to be smart!” 
At this moment, Lin Tian and his group came down, with the Cannibal Eagle coldly speaking. 
The Water Demon Lord was slightly stunned, then sneered disdainfully after seeing clearly, “Hehe, isn’t this the little chick I plucked a while ago? How has your feather grown back?” 
He then noticed the group of goblins. 
He paid them no mind, “Ah, so you called for help. But you should get your eyes checked if you think goblins can deal with me.” 
“Hahaha!” 
The other water demons also burst into laughter, their voices sharp and creepy. 
Lin Tian gestured for the Cannibal Eagle to hold back, then walked to the front. “I am now the Grand Lord appointed by the Demon Lord. When you see me, shouldn’t you kneel?” 
The water demons glanced at each other. 
Then they laughed even harder. 
“In this great tomb, the law of the jungle rules. So what if you are the Grand Lord? If I kill you, I will be the Grand Lord!” The Water Demon Lord said grimly. 
He pointed to his toes, “With your tiny size, I feel I could crush you to death with my big toe, hahaha!!” 
“Lord, look over there, a human! And a female one at that!” 
A water demon moved to the front, eyes locked onto Alice. 
It was filled with extreme desire. 
The Water Demon Lord finally reacted, licking his lips, “Looks like we hit the jackpot today. Capture that woman!” 
The moment his voice fell. 
A large group of water demons began to shake the fins on the sides of their heads rapidly, howling and releasing piercing sound waves as they charged at Lin Tian’s group. 
However, Lin Tian let out a piercing howl in return. 
In an instant, the massive group of water demons had their ears and noses bleeding, their brains dizzy, and they lost consciousness! 
Many of them collapsed on the spot. 
Lin Tian said, “Kill the males for roasted fish, keep the females.” 
Immediately, Gobu Kuang and the others began their charge! 
Gobu Tian’s Void Dagger struck one after another, creating basketball-sized holes in the chests of numerous corpses. 
No blood flowed out, as their hearts were directly obliterated in the void. 
On the other side, Gobu Kuang acted like a crazed mage, with demon claws burning with blazing blue flames on his back! 
Through the weapons on his other four arms, he continuously fired magical attacks. 
The large blade absorbed the magic flames, unleashing fierce flame slashes! 
Although not as tangible as Alice’s Sword Qi, the resulting slashing flames burned the water demons into two upon contact. 
The axe-like weapons, looking like two giant axes, shot out two beams of magical light. 
In just four to five seconds, they could melt a water demon. 
On another front, Gobu Kuang, wielding Athena’s Spear and Shield, charged into the water demon horde, slaughtering wantonly. 
With the shield in hand, he effortlessly deflected the water demons’ sound waves, corrosive toxins, and claw attacks. 
Seizing their attack openings, he skewered them with his long spear. 
Stringing them up for roasting on the spot, he reserved some for Lin Tian. 
Lia’s God-Hunting Longbow only needed to be fully drawn and aimed at someone for three seconds before releasing brainlessly. 
The arrows would automatically track and pursue the target. 
In just thirty seconds, eight or nine water demons had their heads exploded by a single arrow. 
Because she still needed time to draw the bow and retrieve arrows. 
“What are these things! Are they really goblins?” The Water Demon Lord was stunned on the spot! 
He couldn’t believe what he was seeing. 
A berserk melee mage, a deadly assassin, a brutal warrior, and a precise archer. 
An overwhelming massacre. 
“Stop! Everyone stop!” 
The Water Demon Lord roared, ready to retaliate, when suddenly a cold light flashed before him. 
His vision turned pitch black, empty, and he saw nothing! 
The Cannibal Eagle had directly slashed his eyes blind with its wings, “Today, we will make you remember this forever!” 
“Damn chick! I’ll kill you!” 
The Water Demon Lord, listening to the direction, reached out to grab the Cannibal Eagle. 
Water demons relied on sonar for navigation, so their eyes were actually of little use. 
“Swish, swish, swish!” 
With a single spin, the Water Demon Lord’s hand turned into minced meat. 
The intense pain shot straight to his brain. 
Lin Tian felt he didn’t even need to intervene, “With a power of 4,300, Brother Birdman should be able to handle it by himself.” 
However, as long as it didn’t rain, everything would be fine. 
On rainy days, the water demon race received epic-level enhancements, with rapid recovery, super strength, super defense, super speed, and other effects. 
The weather in the Great Tomb was always gray and gloomy. 
But since there were no clouds in the sky, it probably wouldn’t rain. 
Moments later, the Water Demon Lord was covered in wounds, kneeling on the ground, completely losing the ability to resist. 
The Cannibal Eagle’s claws had dug out a large amount of flesh. 
He looked pitted and battered. 
“Crying Rain Demon, what are you waiting for?!” The Water Demon Lord cried out in pain. 
Suddenly, from an unknown direction, the haunting sound of a woman’s weeping echoed. 
It was extremely eerie. 
As the crying started, clouds began to gather in the sky. 
It started to rain lightly! 
Lin Tian’s expression changed slightly, but he didn’t think it was a big deal. 
The Water Demon Lord, however, grinned sinisterly, “Hehehe, little chick, I’m going to pluck every single feather off you!” 
On the ground, the half-dead Water Demon Lord, with eyes bleeding and body full of gruesome wounds, suddenly began to surge with power! 
His bones creaked, his body growing to six or seven meters! 
His muscles became even more terrifying, and his injuries visibly recovered! 
The Cannibal Eagle sensed trouble, “Little Tian, you and your people should retreat! It’s raining! Rainy days are his home ground!” 
“Too late…” 
Suddenly, a menacing eye appeared next to the Cannibal Eagle, glaring at him. 
A terrifying sound wave blasted out, sending him flying into the water. 
Luckily, his wings were made of metal, otherwise he wouldn’t be able to fly again. 
This was a fatal weakness of the Feathered Race. 
The Cannibal Eagle flew back up, fiercely shooting out several feathers. 
They were so sharp they could pierce through a ten-meter thick tree trunk. 
The Water Demon Lord sneered, simply sidestepping. The feathers sparked but did not kill him. 
In the rain, he had grown armor-like scales. 
He then spat out a large amount of thick, green poison straight at the Cannibal Eagle. 
“Brother Birdman, let me help you!” Lin Tian said as he finished off a male water demon. 
Hearing this, the Water Demon Lord attacked first, “Just you, a goblin?! Low-level monsters will always be low-level monsters! Die!” 
His gigantic fist exploded through the rain, crashing heavily toward Lin Tian! 
However, Lin Tian’s Life Armor activated, encasing him tightly. 
“Boom!” 
The fist only drove Lin Tian into the ground without harming him at all. 
The Water Demon Lord laughed triumphantly, “No need to dig a grave now, hahaha!” 
But then he saw something quickly approaching him from the soil. 
Lin Tian burst out, clawing down with the power of the Blood of Ruin, easily piercing the scales and injuring him. 
The Water Demon Lord felt something wrong, “My scales… Wait, what is this! What’s corroding my strength from inside?” 
In the next second, his body began to shrink, even though the rain hadn’t stopped. 
His bloodline was polluted, preventing him from using his innate skills. 
Soon, he returned to his previous size. 
With a light punch, Lin Tian sent him flying, crashing into a large boulder. 
“An impossible power! Stronger than I was just now!” 
The Water Demon Lord trembled with fear, coughing up blood, 
His chest bones were largely shattered. 
He wanted to escape! 
Madly, he ran toward the lake. Even if the monsters inside attacked him, it was better than facing the goblins! 
Each goblin far exceeded his expectations! 
“Trying to escape?!” 
The Cannibal Eagle dived, like an eagle hunting its prey, fast, accurate, and deadly! 
Feeling the pressure from above, the Water Demon Lord’s face was full of fear, “Damn it! Save me, Lake Ghost!” 
On the shore. 
A pitch-black water monster roared, lunging at the Cannibal Eagle! 
Its voice was so ear-piercing it seemed as if its throat was tearing. 
The Cannibal Eagle reacted quickly but still got his leg wounded, and in the blink of an eye, his entire leg began to turn black and wither! 
It was clearly poisoned. 
This Lake Ghost was covered in black sludge, making it impossible to see its form, and it was bound by many iron chains. 
Its green eyes glanced at Lin Tian and his group, preparing to return to the lake. 
But as it turned, it was frightened and stepped back repeatedly. 
Alice stood there, her face icy and indifferent, holding the Ominous Blade. 
“You!” 
The Lake Ghost felt an inexplicable terror. This woman in black armor, holding a weapon filled with evil aura, was not to be trifled with! 
The Cannibal Eagle urgently warned, “Alice, get out of here! The Lake Ghost is from the ghost tribe; it feels no pain and has no physical form! Those remains and chains are just its vessels. If wounded by ghost energy, you’ll quickly lose your vitality!” 
His leg was the best example. 
Completely devoid of life. 
The Lake Ghost, bracing itself, pounced at Alice. 
The next second, before it could see clearly, it was sliced into pieces! 
“Is that the smell of a ghost? Filthy and foul, but you, Alice, are still quite fragrant…” 
“Roar…” 
In the Lake Ghost’s consciousness, a disdainful voice and a terrifying dragon roar echoed. 
Two extremely powerful and frightening forces pressed down, almost shattering its soul! 
“What is this! No!” 
Finally, the Lake Ghost was forcibly dissipated under the pressure of the magic dragon and dark energy! 
Both were considered spirits, so they affected each other due to magnetic field effects. 
Seeing the unresponsive Lake Ghost, the Cannibal Eagle was dumbfounded, “How is it possible! Can weapons kill ghosts?” 
Completely confused. 
Unfortunately, the Water Demon Lord had escaped. 
“Zzzzz!” 
Suddenly, a chilling electric sound echoed, and Lin Tian pulled out the Spear of Zeus, surrounded by thunder and lightning. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 96: Snowfield Lord, Snow Spirit 
TL: Sungmin  
The Spear of Zeus was suddenly hurled into the lake! 
“Sizzle!!!” 
“Boom!” 
Intense high-voltage lightning surged through the lake! 
The blinding white light made it impossible to keep one’s eyes open! 
A bolt of lightning as thick as a bowl descended from the sky! 
It exploded directly in the lake! 
Waves surged high! 
Even Alice found it hard to believe, “Another world-class magical tool? But such power…” 
The lake, spanning dozens of miles, was now covered with the corpses of magical creatures. 
No creature inside was likely to have survived. 
“Lord!” 
“It’s over. I thought he could escape. What is this goblin? Why is he so terrifying?” 
“The power of thunder, a goblin, impossible!” 
Some of the water demons were on the verge of madness, trembling as they looked at the corpses of their kin scattered everywhere. 
In no time, the Water Demon Lord also floated to the surface of the lake. 
His body was charred, his eyes white, barely alive. 
Lin Tian snorted, “I don’t know if you’re lucky or unlucky. In the water, you had nowhere to escape, but it also diluted the power of the lightning.” 
Otherwise, a single strike would have finished him off. 
After being unconscious for a long time, the Water Demon Lord finally woke up. 
The surroundings were very warm and comfortable, but he found that he couldn’t move his body, as if paralyzed. 
When he saw everything clearly, he almost collapsed! 
The warmth was due to a bonfire roasting water demons. 
Some were even being roasted alive, their heart-wrenching screams chilling to the bone. 
“Lord! Save me!” 
A water demon, seeing him awake, cried out in tears. 
He was being skewered by Gobu Shan and placed on the fire. 
The Water Demon Lord panted heavily, on the brink of emotional collapse. Before him, on the fire racks, were his brother, father, and other elders! 
The roasting made their bodies sizzle and drip with oil. 
Lin Tian was enjoying the feast, “Not bad, the taste is similar to fish but more delicate, and the meat around the waist is the best, just like fish belly.” 
As he spoke, he tore off a piece of fish belly meat, placing it in his mouth where it melted gently. 
The fragrance lingered on his lips and teeth. 
Seeing this horrifying scene, the Water Demon Lord shivered, “Beasts! A bunch of damned goblins! What are you doing! Give my family’s lives back!!!” 
“Oh? You’re awake?” Lin Tian grinned eerily, still gnawing on a water demon’s head, his mouth greasy. 
The Water Demon Lord felt like he was suffocating, not from lack of water, but from lack of oxygen, gritting his teeth in hatred. 
However, Gobu Shan approached with a roasted, fragrant little water demon. 
He held it to the Lord’s mouth, “Do you know what this is?” 
“Damned goblin!!!” 
The Water Demon Lord screamed hysterically, his eyes trembling with hatred, veins bulging on his forehead! 
Eating was one thing, but to make him eat his own child! 
The Cannibal Eagle sat beside him. He had certainly sought revenge but had never imagined going to such lengths. 
Perhaps, this was what goblins were. 
However, he did not sympathize, and said, “Hmph, what about when you and the Northern Lord were killing my kin! You reap what you sow!” 
“I…” 
The Water Demon Lord was momentarily speechless, filled only with endless regret and anger. 
But when he turned his head, he saw many female water demons tied up. 
He questioned, “Why did you capture them too? Don’t go too far. If you have the guts, wipe out my entire water demon clan!” 
“Don’t worry, I won’t do that. They have other uses.” 
Lin Tian said casually, a mischievous smile on his face. 
If these female water demons weren’t so ugly, he would have dealt with them on the spot. 
Even Gobu Kuang and the others had no interest in them. 
They could only take them back as breeding tools. 
The Water Demon Lord seemed to realize something, “I beg you, Lord Goblin, please spare my remaining people! They have nothing to do with this. Punish me instead!” 
“Admitting fault, huh? I don’t have such words in my vocabulary.” Lin Tian continued to eat the roasted meat. 
Only the Water Demon Lord’s painful cries and apologies to his people filled the air. 
His eyes were filled with fear of the goblins. 
His understanding of this race had been refreshed. 
He deeply experienced their cruelty and ruthless violence. 
The Water Demon Lord gritted his teeth in hatred, “I swear, I will slaughter all of you one day!!!” 
As long as he lived, he would have a chance for revenge. 
His own strength was insufficient, but his relatives in the ocean were enough to crush the goblins. 
Water demons were a variant of sea demons, accustomed to living in freshwater. 
Their characteristic was that they became stronger in the rain. 
Lin Tian couldn’t help but be curious, “Who gave you the illusion that you could survive?” 
The Water Demon Lord was also stunned, then confidently said, “Do you dare kill me? I was personally appointed by the Demon Lord as the Western Lord. The Golden Iguana is nothing compared to me!” 
The Cannibal Eagle whispered, “Little Tian, fighting between lords in the Great Tomb is actually forbidden, unless you are not a lord, then you can challenge.” 
Because this kind of situation could likely develop into internal strife within the Great Tomb, rather than a simple conflict between lords. 
There once was a tenth-tier lord who tried to annex other lords to become the Grand Lord. 
As a result, the Bone King sent someone to eliminate him directly. 
Now, this could only be considered a lesson and a conflict, but killing the Water Demon Lord would make the situation serious. 
However, Lin Tian gestured with his hand, “It’s fine, I have a plan. When the time comes, I’ll make sure you die in utter despair.” 
Even if the Water Demon Lord complained to the Bone King, Lin Tian wouldn’t be worried in the slightest. 
He was currently an indispensable pawn in the Bone King’s hands. 
Anyone could die, but he couldn’t. 
“Are you full? It’s time to let that guy in the north taste what regret feels like.” 
Lin Tian’s eyes gleamed with cold light. 
He intended to eliminate these rebellious individuals immediately, to prevent any backstabbing during critical moments of the great battle. 
He didn’t rule out the possibility of such a scenario. 
He didn’t want any problems to arise in his plans. 
Soon, everyone began to move north, while Gobu Shan took the water demons back to the tribe. 
They would be kept as breeding tools. 
The Water Demon Lord wasn’t killed; he was handed over to the Cannibal Eagle’s tribe for handling. 
… 
The Great Tomb spanned several thousand kilometers, with the northern region perpetually covered in snow and extremely cold temperatures. 
The vast snowy plains seemed endless at a glance. 
It was hard to distinguish anything. 
It was easy to get lost here, and with few magical creatures around, most were hiding. 
Those who weren’t frozen to death starved to death. 
The cold wind howled by their ears, and even Lin Tian couldn’t help but shiver, “Damn, it’s my first time seeing snow.” 
“Brr, boss, it’s so cold I feel like my teeth are about to shatter.” 
Gobu Kuang’s teeth were chattering so much they made a constant clattering sound. 
The temperature was indeed too low to continue. Goblins didn’t have fur and rarely wore clothes. 
Even the Cannibal Eagle, covered in thick fur, couldn’t stand it, and said helplessly, “Maybe we should give up for now. We can act when he leaves the north.” 
“No need, and time waits for no one.” 
Lin Tian took out a magical tool. 
‘Heart of Apollo,’ a world-class magical tool. 
It looked like a small sun, floating in his palm. 
It could emit temperatures as high as the sun, up to thousands of degrees, with an effective range of ten meters, enough to melt anything close by without harming the user. 
Lin Tian carefully controlled the temperature, adjusting it to a few hundred degrees to fend off the freezing cold of minus tens of degrees. 
This made the surroundings warm enough. 
Everyone was surprised. 
Alice couldn’t help but ask curiously, “Messenger, how many magical tools did you get from the dwarves?” 
“Well, enough to use.” 
Lin Tian didn’t give a direct answer, deflecting the question. 
An innocent man holding a jade was guilty. He didn’t yet have the strength to protect these items. 
When he left the Great Tomb for the unknown empire where the dwarves were located, 
Lin Tian realized that powerful entities weren’t just in the Great Tomb and the Church. 
There were many even stronger. 
After all, the Lionheart Empire had only been established for a few decades. 
There were only a few powerful figures, with Alice being one of them. 
What about those empires that had lasted for hundreds or thousands of years? They must be full of hidden talents. 
Under the protection of the Heart of Apollo, everyone felt warm. 
However, finding the Northern Lord, the ‘Red-haired Yeti,’ was not easy. 
He was the only one of the four lords who didn’t have a clan system and lived alone. 
His strength was unknown. 
Lin Tian once again used the Grand Lord’s ‘call’ skill, instructing all the magical creatures in the area to find the Red-haired Yeti’s whereabouts. 
The previously calm snowy plains began to stir, with various magical creatures emerging from the snow. 
Giant rats covered in fur, naive-looking three-tailed hidden foxes, phantom snow owls with eyes like searchlights, and many others. 
“We just need to wait. Being a Grand Lord is convenient; you can command magical creatures anywhere.” The Cannibal Eagle sighed. 
In such a short time, Lin Tian had grown to this extent. 
He shattered the long-held stereotype of goblins being stupid and inferior. 
Previously, even high-tier variants were still seen as goblins, despised and loathed by everyone. 
Time passed gradually. 
Finally, a magical creature flew toward them. 
It had tiny, crystalline wings and a small body no larger than a palm, with snow-white skin and limbs. 
A snow spirit. 
However, its originally cute little face was bruised, and its body had some bruises as well. 
It looked very pitiful. 
“Grand Lord, I know where the Red-haired Yeti is…” 
As it spoke, the snow spirit almost collapsed from exhaustion. 
Lia quickly held it in her hand, pouring some homemade recovery potion on it. 
Gradually, it recovered, “Follow me, he’s in a cave.” 
This snow spirit was a high-intelligence species and could choose not to obey Lin Tian’s summons. 
But oppressed by the Red-haired Yeti for a long time, it decided to rebel. 
“Worm! Get over here! Do you want another beating? This time I’ll beat you to death! Even if you can revive, I’ll kill you again!” 
A booming voice came from a huge cave. 
The deafening roar caused a large pile of snow to fall from the cave entrance. 
When a blizzard lasted for several months without stopping, it would give birth to magical creatures like snow spirits, who could revive after dying during the blizzard. 
Their greatest function was producing snow crystals, which contained extremely strong magical power. 
Magical creatures could consume them to level up. 
In the human world, they were also excellent ornaments and luxury goods. 
For decades, the Red-haired Yeti had enslaved snow spirits, eating many snow crystals. 
Lin Tian and his group felt the violent magical aura emanating from inside but fearlessly walked in. 
1.950k words 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 97: Want to Complain? Go Complain to the Great Tomb 
TL: Sungmin  
Entering the cave, the Heart of Apollo in Lin Tian’s hand served as a lighting tool. 
It allowed Lia and the Cannibal Eagle, who lacked night vision, to see clearly. 
As they ventured deeper, they saw a filthy monster covered in long red hair squatting on the ground, gnawing on the flesh of a magical beast. 
The creature, standing over two meters tall, was as large as Gobu Kuang. 
Suddenly, the Red-haired Yeti seemed to sense someone approaching and paused what it was doing. 
Slowly, it turned its head. 
Its eyes emitted a creepy white glow in the dim cave, appearing lively and terrifying. 
The stench of the corpse and a strange odor from the creature assaulted their nostrils. 
“Little bug, I’ve raised you for so long, and you turn out to be an ingrate?! You even want to bring people to teach me a lesson?” 
The voice of the Red-haired Yeti echoed through the cave, cold and sinister. 
The snow spirit, frightened, hid in Lia’s large bosom, not daring to make a sound. 
“Ah, so cold! Little guy, can you find another place to hide?” 
Lia shivered, her face flushed as she spoke bitterly. 
At this moment, the Red-haired Yeti was taken aback. “Hmph, so it’s you, that mangy bird. Changed wings? Where’s the other one? Roast it for me, don’t waste it, hahaha!” 
“Shut up!” The Cannibal Eagle shouted angrily. 
He was the one who had torn off its wings and roasted them in the past. 
Lin Tian squinted his eyes, “So it’s you? Little guy, if I help you take him out, will you follow me?” 
The magic crystals produced by snow elves could significantly increase experience. 
As long as he had a large group of snow elves serving him, he could gain a continuous supply of experience fruits. 
“Yes, yes, as long as you don’t hurt me.” The snow spirit said timidly, eyes full of fear and dread. 
However, it precisely found the most comfortable, warm, and safe place to hide. 
Lin Tian smiled with satisfaction. He could avenge the Cannibal Eagle, eliminate a future threat, and recruit the snow spirit. 
A triple win, a bloodless profit. 
The Red-haired Yeti looked disdainful, “Take me out? A trash goblin dares to think?” 
“Trash?!” 
Gobu Kuang roared, activating all his magical tools, sending several powerful beams shooting forward. 
In an instant, the Red-haired Yeti was blasted against the wall, blue light flashing like welding sparks. 
With a loud bang, the cave wall was pierced through. 
The Red-haired Yeti was thrown dozens of meters away, landing on the ground in a sorry state. 
Its chest hair melted, and the flesh was almost gone. 
But then, the surrounding snow gathered, reshaping a new body for him. 
He mockingly said, “In this snowfield, you can’t kill me!” 
With that, he waved his hand, and the blizzard intensified! 
Within seconds, the cave was almost buried. 
Everyone hurried out, but the heavy snow obstructed their vision, making it impossible to see anything. 
They couldn’t even see the person next to them. 
It was like a torrential snowstorm. 
The Red-haired Yeti’s triumphant laughter echoed around, but he couldn’t be found, “I am the strongest lord! In this endless blizzard, you will die…” 
Before he could finish, he felt a chill on his back! 
He, a Red-haired Yeti, shouldn’t fear the cold. 
But now he felt a chill! 
He turned abruptly, but before he could see clearly, he was sliced into pieces. 
Alice’s blade fell swiftly, surprisingly easy. 
She thought this guy had high defense, but it felt as easy as cutting cake. 
In the distance. 
The Red-haired Yeti reformed his body, his face full of fear, “What happened just now? What were those three terrifying pressures!” 
Even though he could revive infinitely, he was now trembling all over, feeling a deep cold. 
It was a fear from the depths of his soul. 
He absolutely did not want to experience it again. 
At this moment, Lin Tian increased the power of Heart of Apollo, instantly evaporating the surrounding snow. 
In the distance, the Red-haired Yeti was stunned, “What’s that thing? Wait…!” 
Suddenly, he felt that chilling sensation again. 
Gobu Tian, possessing a certain degree of x-ray vision, locked onto him and used the Void Dagger to target his heart! 
A large hole was opened on the spot. 
The Red-haired Yeti died without making a sound. 
“What kind of monsters are these? Isn’t this my domain?” 
After reforming his body, the Red-haired Yeti was both frightened and angry. 
He was supposed to be the ruler of the snowfield. 
But in the next second, an arrow shot over, exploding his head. 
Although he could revive infinitely, his body was fragile, and the pain was real. 
This time, he learned his lesson and revived a bit further away. 
The Cannibal Eagle spoke, “Stay close to Little Tian to keep warm. I’ll find him!” 
Though he said find, he meant covering the area with firepower! 
He transformed into a blur, flying at low altitude, his sharp wings capable of annihilating all creatures in his path! 
He almost formed a tornado. 
In this wave, the Red-haired Yeti died dozens of times in a row! 
If he didn’t revive quickly, the blizzard would stop, making it easier to be hunted down. 
“Help! I can’t take it anymore! You crazy bastards!” 
Helpless, the Red-haired Yeti could only stop reviving and halt the blizzard, crawling on the ground like a pile of snow. 
If he died again, he would collapse. 
“Forget it, bird brother, leave it to me. We’ve tortured him long enough; we can’t kill him this way.” Lin Tian said, signaling everyone to move away from him. 
He adjusted the Heart of Apollo to over a thousand degrees! 
The surrounding snow evaporated with a hiss, emitting a large amount of white smoke! 
It didn’t even have a chance to melt into water, perhaps just for an instant. 
Thunk! 
In the distance, the Red-haired Yeti, now a puddle of an unknown liquid on the ground, sensed something terrifying approaching. 
It was true death! 
Melting and evaporating! 
“Don’t come near! I’ll die! Stay away from me! I’ll really die!” 
The Red-haired Yeti crawled desperately, but in this state, he was too slow. 
He reshaped his form while fleeing, terrified and desperate. 
Lin Tian, like a grim reaper in the white smoke, approached and said, “You’re quite amusing. If I weren’t here to kill you, why would I go to such lengths?” 
“You madman! We just had a minor conflict; there’s no need to kill me! Besides, I’m the Northern Lord; killing me will anger the Demon Lord!” 
The Red-haired Yeti said in a panic while fleeing. 
Claiming to be invincible in his domain, he now desperately wanted to escape. 
Lin Tian didn’t care about any of this. He charged forward, the high temperature scorching the Red-haired Yeti’s body, making a sizzling sound! 
And his screams. 
“Stop it, I’m melting!” 
The Red-haired Yeti’s entire body began to blur, his features distorted and slowly melting away. 
The high temperature rendered him immobile. 
He could only die bit by bit. 
The one surefire way to kill him, and they had stumbled upon it by chance. 
Seeing him now, Lin Tian thought of something familiar. 
He then extended a finger, dipped it in the melting Red-haired Yeti, and tasted it, “Not bad, tastes like strawberry ice cream.” 
Finding it delicious, he took a few more big bites. 
“You beast, you’re eating me right in front of me?! Do you have to kill my spirit too?!” The Red-haired Yeti, in excruciating pain, gritted his teeth and cursed. 
“Ding, congratulations to the host for acquiring the skill ‘Blizzard Environment.'” 
“Huh?” 
Lin Tian was stunned. Eating ice cream and gaining a skill was beyond him. 
However, he couldn’t withstand the cold of the blizzard environment, so he used Abnormal Fusion again. 
He absorbed a large chunk of ‘strawberry ice cream.’ 
If he mutated into the Red-haired Yeti’s form, he could resist the cold. 
“Your melting rebirth is quite something. Let me see if I can acquire it.” 
Lin Tian thought that since he had come this far, he might as well get another skill. 
And it was quite a good one. 
He inadvertently took a few more big bites. 
The Red-haired Yeti, in extreme pain, cried, “You beast, you ate my nipples and ears…!” 
Then, with a shocked expression, he said, “!!! Stop, that’s my little brother! You can’t eat that!” 
“Ugh…” 
Lin Tian looked disgusted, shaking his fingers to get rid of the Red-haired Yeti remnants. 
Damn, he almost ate that. 
It’s best not to eat anymore. 
“Ah! What have you done? You evaporated my happiness! You’ve left me without love!” 
The nearly completely melted Red-haired Yeti screamed in agony. 
Now, he could die in peace. 
Before he died, he said viciously, “You damned guy, the Demon Lord won’t let you off! I’ll be waiting for you on the other side!” 
Hearing this. 
Seeing he was about to evaporate, Lin Tian narrowed his eyes and extinguished Heart of Apollo. 
He said coldly, “I’ve changed my mind. I won’t let you die just like that. I should truly destroy your spirit.” 
Now he had a one-for-one idea. 
He thought that if he died, Lin Tian would die soon after. 
That way, it wouldn’t be too sad. 
“What?” 
The Red-haired Yeti didn’t react for a moment, but he quickly started to run away. 
He reshaped his body as he ran. 
Until he disappeared into the vast snow. 
Everyone hurried over, the Cannibal Eagle asked in confusion, “He escaped? Shall I chase him?” 
“No need. And that Water Demon Lord, I’ll release him too when we get back.” 
Lin Tian spoke calmly, but there was an extremely evil undertone. 
It sent chills down everyone’s spine. 
The Cannibal Eagle didn’t object because he never intended to kill them, as it would violate the Great Tomb’s rules. 
“Let’s go, it’s too cold here.” 
Lia shivered, mainly because the snow spirit in her arms was icy cold. 
Lin Tian then relit Heart of Apollo. 
But before leaving, he asked, “Snow spirit, what are your plans now?” 
“I have none, but I promised you I can produce snow crystals for you.” 
The snow spirit said excitedly, all previous timidity gone. 
Lin Tian wasn’t satisfied with just that, “Do you have any kin? Or are you the only snow spirit in this vast snowfield?” 
“I can summon them from the wind and snow. Before, I didn’t want more snow elves to be enslaved, so I told them not to be born.” The snow spirit explained. 
Lin Tian’s eyes lit up, “Alright, then summon as many snow elves as possible during this time. I’ll come find you later.” 
“Okay!” 
… 
The group hurriedly left this frigid place. 
Lin Tian didn’t expect to gain the treasure of the snow spirit unexpectedly. 
He could hide his trump card army in the snowfield, making it hard to be discovered. 
And he could also eat snow crystals to level up. 
This wouldn’t arouse suspicion from those in the Great Tomb. 
Otherwise, the discrepancy between the number of goblin troops and the consumption of magical creatures would easily raise suspicion. 
He believed those guys inside weren’t fools and would notice these things. 
Next, he would quietly wait for them to complain in the Great Tomb. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 98: The Real Battle Is Coming 
TL: Sungmin  
“Lord Demon Master, I am so miserable. A large number of my clan members have been slaughtered and eaten, and many females have been captured to become breeding machines!” 
“I was doing fine in the northern snowfields, but they attacked me. That goblin named Lin Tian ate me bite by bite, and he also deprived me of love!” 
Inside the underground Great Tomb. 
The Water Demon Lord and the Red-haired Yeti cried as they spoke, tears streaming down. 
Especially the Red-haired Yeti, whose body parts that melted could never be repaired. 
It was like a folder being deleted, unable to be copied. 
Above them were the Succubus and the Corpse Pope, along with the master of this Great Tomb, the embodiment of ultimate darkness. 
Bone King · ‘Veronica.’ 
The atmosphere in the Dark Sanctuary was extremely eerie and oppressive. 
Various strange, mysterious, and powerful monsters stood motionless on the side like statues. 
They usually stayed in different layers of the sanctuary, only gathering here under special circumstances. 
Listening to the complaints of the two lords, the others acted as if they didn’t hear anything, remaining completely still. 
Only the Succubus looked at Veronica. 
But she didn’t say anything either. 
“Rebecca, take them to the goblin tribe. As for the rest, I don’t need to say more.” 
Veronica looked at the Succubus and spoke, her expression gloomy. 
Then, she was enveloped in darkness and slowly disappeared. 
The Water Demon and Red-haired Yeti were ecstatic, as it seemed Rebecca was going to punish the goblins. 
They knelt and said, “Thank you, Lord Demon Master!” 
The Succubus Rebecca slowly took two steps forward, her body parts that should have shaken did so with great amplitude. 
Watching her, their souls seemed to sway along. 
The two lords didn’t dare to look at Rebecca, just the fragrance made them burn with desire. 
If they dared to look and were caught with a lecherous and evil gaze, they wouldn’t even know how they died. 
“Follow me.” Rebecca said with disdain, not even glancing at them, purely out of contempt. 
“Shush!” 
Immediately, her whole body blurred for a second, as if she was stuck. 
In reality, she had already disappeared from the spot, flying out of the Great Tomb. 
“My God, such speed!” 
The Water Demon swallowed, a few drops of cold sweat forming on his forehead. 
Even in rainy conditions, he couldn’t match her speed by half. 
The Red-haired Yeti could only walk on foot. 
His power relied too much on the snowfield, with only over two thousand points here, he was nothing. 
The two of them ran desperately, fearing that falling too far behind would anger Rebecca. 
“Where are you two idiots going?” 
At this time, they had run a few hundred meters out of the Great Tomb when Rebecca’s angry voice sounded behind them. 
Frightened, they stopped immediately, their faces full of obedient confusion. 
Rebecca stood with her arms crossed over the vast snowfield, pushing her chest up high. 
She pointed below, “Can’t you see the magic teleportation array?” 
“Yes, yes, sorry Lady Rebecca.” 
The Water Demon apologized obediently, sighing at how different the way powerful beings traveled was. 
The Red-haired Yeti didn’t dare to speak, afraid of saying the wrong thing. 
They still relied on her to get justice for them. 
Entering the teleportation array, the three of them disappeared in the blink of an eye. 
In an instant, they arrived above the valley of the Tian Kuang Tribe. 
Lin Tian, who was busy with breeding, looked up, his brows slightly furrowed at the black-purple beam of light shooting into the sky. 
It indicated that people from the Great Tomb had used the teleportation array to come here. 
Gobu Yue had mentioned that while Lin Tian was away, someone had set up the teleportation array. 
It couldn’t be refused. 
Lin Tian signaled, “Don’t worry, keep working, I’ll handle it.” 
In the sky. 
A charming figure appeared, slowly descending. 
It stopped about five meters from the ground, looking aloof. 
It was the Succubus Rebecca. 
On the cliff, the Water Demon and Red-haired Yeti scrambled down, hardening their scalps. 
Even if they got covered in injuries, they were aggressive. 
Because they had backing! 
“Little bastard, today is your death day! I’ll make you taste the feeling of being roasted!” The Water Demon Lord said with hatred, wiping the blood from the corner of his mouth. 
He was so excited he almost forgot the pain. 
Finally, it was the moment of great satisfaction. 
The Red-haired Yeti was the same, “I’ll eat your corpse bit by bit, starting with your little brother!” 
“Want to eat? You can come eat now.” Lin Tian said, smiling. 
Rebecca didn’t pay attention to Lin Tian at first, she looked around on her own, “Disgusting, is that a breeding farm? To produce so many goblins.” 
Even she was quite shocked. 
The largest goblin tribe she had ever seen. 
“You are indeed good at running a tribe, no wonder you easily captured a city. I slightly acknowledge your…” 
Rebecca was speaking when her body suddenly trembled, and she looked behind Lin Tian with a startled expression. 
It was Alicenia in black armor. 
Alicenia had come out to see the situation, found it boring, and went back to rest. 
Rebecca was surprised, thinking, “Is that the Sword Saintess? I saw her once before, but why do I feel threatened by her now?” 
“Why are you here?” Lin Tian asked irritably, thinking it might have been Bone King Veronica herself. 
But it turned out to be this annoying succubus. 
All the goblins below were drawn to her, their faces full of lust, drooling. 
No wonder Rebecca didn’t want to land; otherwise, her high heels would be soaked with drool. 
Rebecca noticed that he was different from the other goblins and curiously asked, “Oh? Why do you seem different from them? As a goblin, how can you look at me so calmly?” 
Lin Tian didn’t answer. 
He was still recovering from his injuries in the Dwarven Kingdom, so he felt nothing. 
But he was interested; it would take about a month to regain his full strength. 
This period had made Gobu Yue, Lia, and the others quite frustrated. 
Even Alicenia often hinted at something, though she still resisted internally. 
But she couldn’t reject the pleasure brought by a goblin’s abilities. 
“I’m asking why you’re here. If you don’t answer, I don’t have time to waste with you,” Lin Tian said impatiently. 
He was now arrogant, betting that the Great Tomb’s people wouldn’t dare do anything to him. 
Rebecca couldn’t get angry now. “Don’t be like that. I underestimated you before. Now I’m here to acknowledge you. It’s nothing serious, just a small matter.” 
Seeing Rebecca actually trying to please him left the Water Demon and Red-haired Yeti dumbfounded! 
Things weren’t developing as expected, were they? 
Was this really Lady Rebecca? Why was this proud, cold, and powerful succubus being so courteous to a goblin? 
“A small matter? Then go ahead and say it,” Lin Tian said, still displeased. 
The Water Demon and Red-haired Yeti couldn’t wait any longer. “Quick, Lady Rebecca, he wants to kill us. According to the Great Tomb’s rules, he should be executed!” 
Immediately, Rebecca said coldly, “You two, kneel before Lin Tian!” 
“Yes! Kneel!” The Water Demon looked aggressive. 
But suddenly, he deflated, “Huh? Who’s kneeling?” 
When he noticed Rebecca’s cold gaze directed at them, his heart sank. 
“My lady…” 
The Water Demon wanted to say something but was abruptly suppressed by a tremendous magical force! 
Along with the Red-haired Yeti, his legs immediately knelt on the ground. 
“Crack!” 
Their kneecaps shattered on the spot, cracking the stone floor. 
The two were in excruciating pain and utterly baffled. 
Lin Tian stood arrogantly in front, “Rebecca, one wants to roast me, and the other wants to eat my little brother. What do we do about that?” 
“It’s simple, roast the Water Demon over a fire, and let the Red-haired Yeti eat his little brother. Does that work?” Rebecca said understandingly. 
Lin Tian raised an eyebrow, surprised that she played this way. 
He had only said it casually. 
Since it was like this, he would follow through. 
Now, the Water Demon and Red-haired Yeti panicked. “My lady, this must be a mistake. Why are you doing this to us? Isn’t it the goblin’s fault? My lady!” 
“Do you want to do it yourself, or should I make you do it?” Rebecca threatened without waiting for their response. 
Seeing them trembling in fear without reacting, she directly used charm magic to completely control them. 
After that, the Red-haired Yeti helped tie up the Water Demon and put him on the bonfire to roast. 
Rebecca used her succubus magic again, her eyes shooting a string of hearts, making eye contact with the dazed Water Demon. 
Immediately, the Water Demon reacted strongly. 
Watching this scene, Rebecca was satisfied, “How about this? Is it enough?” 
The other goblins watched with gritted teeth, finding it unbearable. 
Especially the female Water Demons, who were on the verge of tears. 
“That’s enough. Leave them to me next. I can’t guarantee they’ll survive,” Lin Tian said disdainfully. 
But his words meant he intended to kill them. 
He had to eliminate them no matter what. 
They might bring monsters to cause trouble during the fight with the empire. 
Rebecca didn’t expect Lin Tian to be so ruthless and hesitated, “But they’ve been in the Great Tomb for a long time and have some strength.” 
Lin Tian’s gaze remained cold. 
“Alright, I’ll leave them to you. But the Bone King gave you the authority, so you must take responsibility.” 
After Rebecca finished speaking, she turned and left, her eyes once again filled with disdain. 
After she left, the Water Demon and Red-haired Yeti regained their senses. 
Seeing the scene, the Red-haired Yeti vomited in disgust, “Damn, what was I doing!” 
“Ah! It hurts! Let me down first!” 
The Water Demon’s skin lacked moisture, drying up like a hundred-year-old man. 
The two barely recovered, only to find Rebecca had already left. 
The Red-haired Yeti was confused and frightened, “Why, why did my lady do this!” 
The Water Demon was also terrified, “Damn goblin, what did you do? Why did my lady side with you!” 
“Hmph, you don’t deserve to know. You just need to know that after I kill you, I can still live happily, using your clansmen as breeding machines daily, using your snowfield as a playground, and taking your snow spirits as my own.” Lin Tian mocked coldly. 
He didn’t kill them before to confirm the Great Tomb’s attitude and to mentally destroy these two guys. 
“I’ll fight you to the death!” The Water Demon roared, gritting his teeth in hatred. 
Helpless, desperate, and unwilling, he turned his anger into a reckless charge. 
Suddenly, a giant axe struck the Water Demon’s forehead. 
He stopped moving completely, 
His brain matter slowly flowed down the crack. 
The Red-haired Yeti hadn’t reacted when he felt a stabbing pain in his chest. 
Looking down, he saw a goblin resembling a cockroach through a big hole. 
Gobu Kuang and Gobu Tian easily took care of them. 
Mainly because the Water Demon was seriously injured and weak, and the Red-haired Yeti was even weaker here. 
In the snowfield, with infinite resurrection and the blizzard environment, without the Heart of Apollo, he would be tough to deal with. 
“That’s enough. It’s time to prepare our trump card. Gobu Tian, go to the Lionheart Empire to check the situation. Also, investigate the Holy Church. Prioritize safety.” Lin Tian said with disinterest, looking at their corpses. 
His expression shifted from arrogance to seriousness. 
Because the battle that would determine their foothold on this continent was finally approaching. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 99: Boss, We Need to Escape Quickly! 
TL: Sungmin  
“Gobu Yue, have you selected the thousand goblins?” 
Lin Tian walked to the eastern valley and spoke. 
Gobu Yue and the others were in charge of delivering and breeding. 
Because the number was too large, they were busy every day without rest. 
Upon hearing this, Gobu Yue looked around and said, “They are ready. Their parents are of top quality, and they have all developed fully. They are now big variants.” 
“Alright then, bring them out. I need to explain some things.” Lin Tian nodded. 
Immediately, a thousand fierce and well-trained goblins were brought to the western area. 
Seeing their fierce and sharp eyes, Lin Tian began to speak, “Do you know who I am?” 
Due to the recent months of frantic production, many goblins hadn’t even seen Lin Tian once. 
“Boss!” 
The goblins shouted in unison. 
They were exceptionally well-trained. 
At this moment, Goblin Slayer walked over. “Rest assured, they are all under my control. No need for any ideological work.” 
“I see.” Lin Tian felt relieved. This way, there was no need for any unnecessary talk. 
He directly ordered, “I will take you to a place later. Be honest on the way and don’t say a word to anyone except me.” 
“Understood, Boss!” The goblins responded in unison. 
They were essentially a large batch of death soldiers. If trained well, their combat power would be off the charts. 
Lin Tian looked at everyone and said, “Gobu Yue, continue to breed goblins frantically during this time. I will be away for a long time. If there’s any trouble, use the cannibal eagles. If you encounter danger, escape first.” 
Since it was uncertain if the church people would launch a sneak attack, it was better to give more instructions. 
“Okay, be careful too.” Gobu Yue nodded obediently. 
Lin Tian, along with these goblins and Alice, set off for the northern snowfield. 
They needed to distribute magic tools and have Alice teach them combat techniques and methods, which would take a long time. 
“By the way, if anyone from the Great Tomb comes, tell them I went to the Human Empire to scout.” 
He added this last sentence for insurance. 
To be safe, Lin Tian’s departure route avoided the tribes of intelligent beings to prevent them from reporting. 
If they encountered intelligent beings, they would kill them without hesitation. 
It took seven days to reach the northern snowfield. 
The cold made these big variants shiver, so Lin Tian quickly took out the Heart of Apollo. 
He chose a relatively hidden spot deep in the snowfield. 
Then he had the monsters look for a cave for better concealment. 
Soon, a long-haired snow mouse led them to a clearing. 
It burrowed into the snow. 
Lin Tian understood and signaled the other goblins to step aside, then increased the power of the Heart of Apollo, melting and evaporating a large area of snow. 
Indeed, a large cave entrance appeared. 
He then had them start a bonfire to prevent the snow from covering it again. The Heart of Apollo’s range was only ten meters, so many goblins had to take turns warming up. 
It was very laborious. 
After all the arrangements were made. 
Lin Tian summoned the snow spirits. 
“Swish, swish, swish…” 
The sound of ice crystal wings flapping echoed in the snow. 
One, two, three, dozens of snow spirits appeared! 
“Why are there so many goblins?!” 
The snow spirit leader exclaimed, though it felt slightly reassured upon seeing Lin Tian. 
Lin Tian frowned slightly. “In this hundreds of miles of snowfield, are there only this many snow spirits?” 
Dozens of snow spirits, producing a hundred snow crystals a day, wouldn’t be enough. 
In the later stages, it would take ten snow crystals to upgrade one goblin. 
“We can summon more, but it needs to be during a blizzard. Now it’s just regular snowfall…” The snow spirit said helplessly. 
Lin Tian’s eyes lit up. “You all go into the cave, Alice too. Don’t get frostbite.” 
Here, if you weren’t careful, parts of your body like fingers, toes, ears, and nose could get frostbitten. 
Without realizing it, they could fall off. 
Some goblins had already lost their ears. 
Then, Lin Tian activated the Blizzard Domain skill obtained from the Red-haired Yeti. 
It could change the weather environment. 
Sure enough, a heavy blizzard began to fall, making people marvel. 
In the blink of an eye, the cave was covered again, but it didn’t affect those inside. 
“Dear spirits, come quickly. This place is free and beautiful, always covered in holy white snow…” 
In the blizzard, the snow spirits began calling for their companions. 
Their melodious voices echoed. 
Within a few hours, a thousand snow spirits appeared. 
They fluttered like butterflies in the snow, happily dancing. 
Each snowflake was like a meal, bigger than half of themselves when held in their hands. 
Very cute. 
With over a thousand snow spirits, Lin Tian felt it was enough. Although snow spirits could revive after death, their actual lifespan was only three months. 
Short-lived yet beautiful. 
Three months was sufficient for Lin Tian. According to the system’s prediction, the Empire’s declaration of war was imminent. 
There were less than two months left. 
“I will ensure your safety. Just give me the snow crystals you produce,” Lin Tian said to the snow spirits. 
After receiving unanimous agreement, he dispelled the blizzard, clearing the surrounding area again. 
Now, he only needed to wait for the snow crystals. 
Without hesitation, he activated the Life Simulation System. 
He had no time to wait idly. 
In a flash, a month and a half passed. 
Lin Tian forcibly stopped the Life Simulation System, needing to leave himself some time to prepare. 
At least he had to run another life simulation before the battle. 
To predict the outcome of the fight. 
The goblins had consumed a large amount of snow crystals and almost all the magical creatures in the snowfield. 
The Great Tomb did not pay much attention to the snowfield, so there was no worry even if the magical creatures were completely consumed. 
Fortunately, the thousand goblins had all reached level seventy. 
They had all stably evolved into leader variants. 
Many were similar to Gobu Kuang’s ‘Enchanted Goblin’ but without four arms, thus weaker. 
They had consumed more magic crystals than flesh. 
Then there were mostly ‘Berserk Goblins’ and ‘Giant Goblins.’ 
There were also two mutated ones. 
Their evolution path had no special experiences, so they seemed ordinary. 
The leader variants of other powerful goblin tribes in the wild were generally like this as well. 
But Lin Tian never relied on mutation. Goblins were still goblins; their strength couldn’t compare to those truly talented races. 
No matter how many goblin kings there were, they could be easily defeated by others. 
Therefore, Lin Tian focused on obtaining as many magic tools as possible. 
“Alice, during this time, please be strict. Help them improve their combat skills,” Lin Tian said, time was pressing. 
Although there had been daily training before, their low level and weak intelligence likely made them forget most of it. 
Now that they were all leader variants, their intelligence was almost complete, making training much easier. 
He wouldn’t evenly distribute the upgrade resources; after some time, he could still promote a few overlord variants. 
Alice responded, “No need to be so polite, Messenger. For the ultimate holy war, I am willing to give everything.” 
“Huh?” 
Lin Tian felt she looked obedient when she said the last phrase. 
She kept staring at him. 
But he didn’t think much about it. It was time to distribute the magic tools. 
Based on each goblin’s overall ability, he allocated different magic tools, teaching them how to use them and in what situations. 
Only then could they achieve the strongest effect. 
This was how to create a batch of perfect killing machines. 
In about ten days, everything was settled. 
Before returning to the Tian Kuang Tribe, Lin Tian specially promoted an overlord-level mutant variant as the manager and named it ‘Gobu Jian.’ 
It looked robust and strong, about two meters tall. 
It wore a tenth-tier defensive armor magic tool and held a world-class longsword, the ‘Demon Sealing Sword.’ 
It could absorb all magic attacking it, even holy magic, and release it back. 
It was a ‘Sword Demon Goblin,’ with red skin that looked like it had been skinned, quite eerie. 
Lin Tian specifically asked Alice to teach it a few moves. 
It had strong talent in swordsmanship and special sword skill talent. 
Its overall strength was 5500. 
Very impressive. 
“Gobu Jian, you all stay here honestly. Don’t step out without my order, understand?” 
Lin Tian said. There were already many magical creature corpses piled up as food around them. 
In the ice and snow, there was no fear of decay. 
Hearing this, Gobu Jian nodded vigorously, “Understood, Boss. Everything we have is given by you. We will follow your orders!” 
“That’s good.” 
Lin Tian then followed Alice back to the Tian Kuang Tribe. 
Time was pressing. 
The Lionheart Empire could declare war any day. 
Upon returning, Lin Tian was shocked by the terrifying number of goblins! 
“In two months, how has the number doubled?!” 
Gobu Yue wiped the sweat off her brow and said, “Rebecca said we needed more goblins, so we used magical creature resources without restraint.” 
Eighty thousand small goblins, thirty thousand big variants, eight thousand hero variants, and a hundred leader variants. 
Just feeding them required consuming tens of thousands of magical creatures every day. 
Lin Tian clicked his tongue, “No wonder we only saw a few high-tier magical creatures and no low-tier ones on the way back. It seems the Great Tomb has bet everything on this.” 
“By the way, where’s Gobu Tian? Hasn’t he returned yet?” 
He looked around but didn’t see that guy. 
Logically, upon Lin Tian’s return, they should have been the first to come over and report what happened during his absence. 
Hearing this, Gobu Kuang shook his head, “I haven’t seen him for more than a month. I’m quite worried, Boss.” 
“That guy shouldn’t be…” 
Lin Tian frowned. He didn’t have time to look for him now, so he continued, “Goblin Slayer, how are the weapons?” 
Weapons were extremely important. 
Especially for low-tier goblins. Their defense wasn’t high, but there were many of them, so each needed an iron weapon. 
Each could stab once and kill those human soldiers. 
Goblin Slayer took out a small notebook and carefully calculated, “We’ve prepared fifty thousand short swords, twenty thousand sets of iron armor, and twenty thousand longswords. Other weapons total about five thousand.” 
Other weapons included shields, spears, and long lances. 
Unfortunately, there wasn’t enough time; otherwise, everyone could have an iron weapon and a set of custom iron armor. 
Lin Tian nodded, not demanding too much, “Well done.” 
“Boss, the situation has changed! We must leave quickly! We have no chance of winning!” 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 100: The Crown, or the Future 
TL: Sungmin  
Everyone frowned and looked in unison towards the sound. 
Goblin Tian returned with some injuries, his face full of anxiety. 
“Ifreya.” 
Lin Tian only called her once, and she understood to go and treat Goblin Tian’s injuries first. 
Then she asked, “Don’t worry, what do you mean by ‘we need to escape immediately’?” 
Goblin Tian recovered, but his breath and emotions were still very agitated, “The Lionheart Empire has gathered one hundred thousand fully-armored soldiers!!!” 
Thunk! 
This sound sent a jolt through Lin Tian’s heart! 
One hundred thousand fully-armored soldiers! 
One must know that the combat strength of a fully-armored soldier was considerable. 
Fully protected from head to toe, they were impervious to blades and spears, although their movements were much slower compared to light armor, they could slowly wear down powerful opponents. 
But now, the Lionheart Empire had actually created one hundred thousand fully-armored soldiers. 
Lin Tian suddenly realized why the system simulation had led to his certain death previously. 
“Is the Lionheart Empire emptying its treasury to fight this battle? Even if they don’t lose, with heavy casualties, they could easily be swallowed up by enemy nations.” 
Upon hearing this, Alice’s expression also became solemn. 
No one had expected that this lion, once enraged, could be so formidable. 
No wonder people said that a lion, even when hunting a rabbit, used all its strength. 
They had underestimated the seriousness of their opponent. 
Goblin Slayer shook her head, “We should leave. When the time comes, I’ll control an overlord variant of a super-large tribe, and we still have a chance to make a comeback.” 
However, Lin Tian’s expression was firm, “Leave? Where would we go with so many goblins?” 
Looking across the entire continent. 
There wasn’t a single inch of land where goblins could find refuge. 
They could only survive by hiding, unless they were Goblin Kings, but they wouldn’t live long before being exterminated by humans or other races. 
Born seemingly only to be experience points for others. 
Even Alice believed there was no chance of winning, “Messenger, we need to be patient, because if the church members join in, we could very likely face total annihilation.” 
“Yes, boss. The church has recalled about five thousand people from around the world, five hundred of them are Holy Guards in armor wielding great swords, and the other monks are also quite powerful.” Goblin Tian explained further. 
He remembered being chased just moments ago by a large group of holy men. 
Lia’s expression turned sad and dejected, “So, are you saying we have no chance of winning, and all our efforts so far would be in vain?” 
Everyone’s mood became somewhat gloomy. 
They hadn’t expected the opponent’s combat power to reach such a crushing level. 
However, Lin Tian didn’t care about the lives of these small goblins or big variants at all; they had to fight if there was any chance. 
If they didn’t fight, there would never be a way to turn things around. 
By fighting, they could force the people from the Great Tomb to take action. 
Only then would there be a chance for mutual destruction, giving Lin Tian the opportunity to reap the benefits on the battlefield. 
“Use all our strength! In these few days, create more ironware and iron armor! Get to it immediately!” 
Lin Tian’s voice rose a few notches, initiating action. 
The somber mood of the crowd was also affected. 
Everyone began to work. 
The mighty goblin army began to charge into the depths of the Great Tomb. 
They didn’t spare a single iron ore. 
Now, the intelligence of small goblins was equivalent to that of big variants, fully understanding what they needed to do. 
Inside the Great Tomb. 
A water-screen-like projection played scenes from the forest within the dark temple. 
It was the three eyeless witches, sharing their single eye to display the images. 
They were known as the ‘Black Witches,’ once humans who had served the church but were cursed by the Bone King Veronica, becoming what they were now. 
That eye was known as the Eye of God, not only capable of predicting the future but also of seeing through everything. 
Indeed, Lin Tian, who was anxiously searching for iron ore in the forest, sensed someone spying on him. 
But he didn’t pay much attention to it, luckily he hadn’t felt this earlier along the way. 
The snowfield side shouldn’t have been discovered. 
“What are they trying to do?” 
Rebecca asked in astonishment, remembering previous events, “My lord, that goblin was very rude to me before, but I endured it.” 
“Don’t worry, they are just pawns, destined to be annihilated.” Veronica said indifferently. 
She then looked at the Black Witches, “It seems a great battle is imminent. Predict the final outcome.” 
The Black Witches didn’t dare delay, holding the eyeball, chanting ancient incantations. 
Suddenly, the eyeball began to bleed! 
The pain made them scream in agony. 
“Lord Demon, this time among the participants is the Pope, we cannot predict the outcome, but I vaguely saw…” 
One of the Black Witches stammered and stopped there. 
Rebecca, impatient, demanded, “What did you see?!” 
The Black Witch hesitated for a long time before finally speaking, “I saw the birth of a new god…” 
The three Black Witches had exaggerated expressions, stretching out their hands as if in worship. 
Veronica’s expression turned sinister, “Nonsense, if there were a god, I would have been dead long ago. Get out!” 
With a wave of black magic like ripples, the three were blasted away, landing in the middle of the teleportation platform. 
It sent them back to the surface. 
“A goblin able to play such a role, my lord, you are truly remarkable.” Rebecca couldn’t help but praise. 
Although she disliked and resented Lin Tian, she genuinely acknowledged his abilities. 
Veronica hadn’t expected it either, “It’s time to settle things with the Lionheart Empire and the church. Let’s get ready and release that thing.” 
“Oh?! Yes…” 
… 
A few more days passed. 
The large furnaces Lin Tian had built didn’t stop for a second. 
They worked overtime to forge iron armor and ironware. 
At this moment, in the Lionheart Empire. 
In the imperial city, there was a lively commotion, with residents having put down their work, almost all joining the logistics efforts. 
Helping to pull iron, smelt iron, or turn in ironware and the like. 
Because of the nation’s effort, they managed to create one hundred thousand fully-armored soldiers in just a few months. 
And they had also captured thirty thousand carnivorous horses in large quantities. 
Imagine a strong steed, ridden by a fully-armored man wielding a giant axe charging at you. 
How could you dodge? 
Many people would probably wet their pants and surrender without a fight. 
“Today, the furnace fires have finally died down, and the trumpet of victory will sound. Our Lionheart Empire will rise from chaos and death, never to be defeated! 
The Great Tomb threatens our families, our friends, our future! 
And there are also those heinous goblins! 
We lions must protect our lionesses at home and exterminate them completely, leaving none alive!” 
In the plaza of the imperial city, Charles II passionately swore. 
Below him, a vast sea of one hundred thousand soldiers responded in unison, “Leave none alive!!!” 
These one hundred thousand soldiers were all well-equipped, clad in silver armor. 
In the sunlight, they reflected beams of dazzling white light. 
Like the glow of victory. 
Duke Klein was dressed in new gold and silver armor, his eyes flashing with hatred. 
He wished he could kill Lin Tian right now. 
Like a fierce beast ready to charge out of its cage at any moment. 
Additionally, the Imperial Knight Commander Hamlet and the group of imposing imperial knights behind him were also restless. 
They longed to slay the monsters with their own hands. 
This imperial knight regiment was personally selected and trained by Charles II. 
Their strength was formidable, having carried out many cross-border missions. 
Seeing the high morale, Charles II smiled with satisfaction and then stepped back. 
Next, the old but imposing Pope slowly stepped forward. 
As his holy scepter struck the ground, the lingering sound in the air instantly cleared. 
The world seemed to have pressed the mute button, becoming eerily quiet. 
Then he finally spoke, “Our enemy is not human, but monsters. Before, your fathers might have participated in such battles, creating decades of peace for you. 
But today, it is our turn to create a peaceful future for our descendants. Are you afraid of death?” 
The old Pope’s words were conveyed by the cardinal, as his voice was already failing. 
The crowd didn’t hesitate in their reply, “Not afraid!!” 
“May the Lord bless us…” The old Pope said, making the sign of the cross. 
Then he began to perform blessings for the entire army, his scepter emitting a brilliant light, “Luck Blessing, High-level Defense Blessing, High-level Strength Blessing, High-level Speed Blessing, High-level…” 
It wasn’t just him. 
All the monks were also beginning to bless the entire army. 
Beams of holy light shot into the sky! 
Transforming into starlight, falling among the soldiers. 
It was extremely awe-inspiring. 
The soldiers felt the changes in their bodies, becoming excited. 
Unfortunately, there were too many people, so each person received only a small boost, but it was better than nothing. 
“Your Majesty, are you sure you want to take all one hundred thousand elite soldiers? What about your citizens?” 
The old Pope turned, his golden eyes heavy as he looked at him. 
This could be considered the entire fighting force of the Lionheart Empire. 
The rest were old, weak, sick, and disabled soldiers without armor or decent weapons. 
If an enemy nation sent just ten or twenty thousand elite troops, they could sweep through easily. 
Charles II’s expression was solemn as he gazed into the distance, seeming to come to terms with it, “I won’t let everyone die for the sake of a crown. To eradicate the Great Tomb, we must use all our strength.” 
He had already informed the city’s residents and soldiers beforehand. 
If an enemy invaded, they should surrender directly. 
Just join them. 
Of course, this message was also relayed back by enemy scouts. 
Upon hearing this, the enemy king had no intention of invading and strictly ordered that no baron or lord was to make any move against the Lionheart Empire during this period. 
In the face of monsters, humanity was united. 
Otherwise, they would have long been ruled by monsters. 
“May the Lord be with you, Amen…” 
A glimmer of astonishment and admiration flashed in the old Pope’s eyes. 
After speaking, he stepped back. 
At this point, Charles II stood high, overlooking the one hundred thousand elite soldiers below, “Swish!” 
He suddenly drew his imperial sword, “Soldiers, march forward! Trample that evil, dark land to pieces. Leave no inch behind!!!” 
The mighty army turned around collectively! 
They began their advance! 
Their grand momentum seemed to condense into a mighty lion, ready to hunt its prey. 
The old Pope, accompanied by the Holy Mother, the cardinals, a hundred Holy Guards, ten Temple Guards, and over four thousand monks and nuns, also started forward after finishing the last verse of the Bible. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 101: A Divine Game, or Malicious Amusement 
TL: Sungmin 
“God, are you toying with us?” 
Watching the departing army, an old woman shed a bitter tear. 
Why were monsters so cruel? 
Was it the deliberate intention of the gods who created them? 
They clearly didn’t have to be this way, yet they were. 
Doubt arose in her heart. 
But it was just that—doubt. 
Beside her, an old man sighed, looking even older, “The monsters aren’t wrong, nor are humans. Who is to blame them…? We now fight monsters for our survival, because monsters are brutal and bloodthirsty by nature.” 
The old man and the old woman couldn’t understand. 
They seemed to grasp something but dared not think further. 
The power of the gods surpassed all. 
They could only hope their only son in the army would return alive. 
… 
In the Tian Kuang Tribe. 
The sounds of forging hammers clanged incessantly. 
Furnace fires roared with heat waves. 
The monsters have already eaten a vast number of breeding tools, significantly boosting everyone’s strength. 
The previously overcrowded tribe now had some room to move. 
With the battle imminent, those breeding machines were of no further use. 
So, they were simply eaten. 
Except for the thousand humans kept alive. 
Being precious resources, they wouldn’t be wasted. 
With sleepless and tireless forging, finally, all the low-level goblins were outfitted with simple armor and shortswords. 
The big variants were fully armed. 
“Plus the monsters left in the Great Tomb can fight.” Lin Tian said. 
To say he wasn’t nervous was a lie. 
At this moment, goblin scouts sent from the front line reported back, “Boss, the Empire’s people have reached the Great Tomb, stopping 15 kilometers away.” 
15 kilometers away? 
Lin Tian pondered. It seemed there was a small plain at that distance. 
It looked like they intended to battle there. 
“I see. Keep scouting and report back.” Lin Tian gave the orders. 
He had Alice, who had experience leading troops, start assembling the soldiers, organizing the phalanx, and saying something to boost morale. 
“We are messengers of the gods, chosen for a holy war! We must slaughter all demons from this world! Those humans!” 
Hatred, coldness, and murderous intent began to burn in Alice’s eyes. 
Unfortunately, while her morale was high, the goblins remained unmoved. 
Lin Tian helplessly said, “Ahem, let me do it.” 
For goblins, boosting morale was simple. 
“Do you want an empire where you can do whatever you want? Follow me to kill those guys in silver armor, and you’ll have endless women and limitless food and drink!” 
In summary, it was as simple as that. 
The goblins instantly became excited! 
“I want to play with women! I’m tired of these monsters!” 
“Human wine is the best, I want to drink it!” 
“Blood and flesh, I want fresh and tender blood and flesh. Monsters don’t taste good!” 
“Build an empire! Conquer all races, I want to play with every race! Kehkehkeh!” 
The crazy clamor echoed throughout the Tian Kuang Tribe. 
Alice shrugged, helpless at the sight. 
Goblin Slayer couldn’t help but smile, “Goblins truly understand goblins.” 
Lin Tian chuckled, “Don’t lump me in with them. They’re too shallow. I aim to control divine power.” 
Over time, he deeply understood how much harm divine power brought to humans. 
A few words could brainwash a person. 
Even someone like Alice firmly believed in divine power. 
Only by becoming a god could he control everyone. Even those high and mighty would kneel before a god. 
Making them kneel without daring to sit. 
Next, Alice began instructing on matters to note in war. 
Lin Tian activated the Life Simulation System. 
Such a great war held many uncertainties and extremely powerful roles. 
A slight mistake could lead to death. 
With the system’s margin for error, he could better grasp victory. 
This was why he had forcibly stopped the Life Simulation before. Fortunately, he could simulate again before the war began. 
[The Life Simulation System is starting. Current scenario: Imperial War. 
Today marks the 300th day since you transmigrated to this world. Nearly a year, and you finally face the biggest turning point. 
The tribe is strong, with 80,000 low-level goblins, 30,000 big variants, 8,000 hero variants, and 100 leader variants, the strongest goblin tribe in history. 
You lead this massive army, beginning the attack. 
You also activate the Call skill, summoning all low-intelligence monsters from the Great Tomb.] 
A total of twenty thousand, with fewer than five hundred above the fifth tier, and only ten above the seventh tier. 
However, upon seeing the one hundred thousand fully armored soldiers of the Lionheart Empire, including thirty thousand heavy cavalry, pressure was felt. 
The war began amidst the hysterical shouts from both sides. 
The strength of the fully armored soldiers far exceeded expectations, with a casualty ratio of 5 to 1, the goblins dying far faster than anticipated. 
At this moment, Veronica appeared, using a super-tier skill to summon the Black Goat Spawn into the battle, which started to pull the casualty ratio back. 
But when the church members exerted their power, the situation reversed again. 
You were immediately targeted by the strong warriors of the Lionheart Empire and the church. 
Under the dense, powerful attacks, you had nowhere to escape. 
To save you, Gobu Kuang and the others all died in battle, and Alice was knocked unconscious and captured. 
You inevitably became a pawn for the Great Tomb. 
In the end, both sides suffered heavy losses… 
Summary: In a situation where the strong are numerous, exposing oneself is akin to falling into hell. 
Score: 40 points (out of 100) 
Reward: Life Points x40 
This life simulation ended, with a time progression of 1 day.] 
Abruptly. 
Lin Tian snapped back to reality, his face filled with fear, “Did I die that easily?” 
By now, he should have a combat level of at least 6,000, right? 
In the snowy plains, he also consumed many Snow Crystal Stones, reaching level ninety. 
However, thinking it through, he understood. The combat strength of the church members was uncertain. 
But from the performance of Bone King Veronica and the others, the old pope was likely close to a combat strength of 10,000. 
Still not an opponent Lin Tian could rival. 
Unless using Ruin Blood to greatly weaken him. 
But utilizing Ruin Blood was challenging and could only be done through ambush. 
“It seems I can’t expose myself first. I need Bone King to summon some monsters first.” Lin Tian pondered, every step now needed extreme caution. 
Otherwise, he would fall into hell. 
He first went to the legend formation to apply for a transmission message. 
Rebecca sensed it and opened the transmission channel to the Great Tomb for Lin Tian. 
Thus, he was transmitted. 
“We meet again. What’s the matter?” Rebecca forced a smile. 
Lin Tian looked around, seeing only Bone King, the Corpse Pope, and the seductive succubus. 
He quickly got to the point, “Things are serious. The Lionheart Empire and the church are camped 15 kilometers outside the Great Tomb.” 
“Oh?” 
Bone King Veronica reacted, “So, they intend to battle. How prepared are you?” 
“As you wished, the forces are almost ready, at the limit of what can be done. But compared to human fully armored soldiers, it’s still not enough. You need to strike first.” 
Lin Tian analyzed seriously. 
He had seen Veronica’s attribute panel before. 
[Veronica: Lv100<br/>
Race: Undead<br/>
Profession: Heretical Summoner<br/>
Title: Hand of Heresy, Undead King, Dark Summoner…<br/>
Health: 3800<br/>
Strength: 1000<br/>
Defense: 1200<br/>
Skills: Heretical Summoning, Monster Enhancement, Evil Canopy…<br/>
Equipment: Death Cloak, Dark Staff<br/>
Overall: 9999] 
From the attributes, she wasn’t exceptionally strong. Lin Tian’s base attributes weren’t far behind hers. 
But her overall combat power was terrifying for one reason: her skills, profession, and equipment. 
Considering the system mentioned she later summoned the Black Goat’s egg. 
That’s the assumption. 
In the later stages, few relied solely on their attributes; skills, professions, racial talents, and equipment were crucial. 
Attributes had limits unless one belonged to divine or certain special races. 
Upon hearing this, Veronica didn’t speak first, but Rebecca questioned, “What are you saying? Our lady doesn’t strike so casually.” 
“Enough, this isn’t a trivial matter. Just release the captured heretics.” 
Veronica spoke, lightly stomping her staff. 
The four of them appeared above the teleportation array in the Tian Kuang Tribe. 
The bustling goblin army somewhat shocked Rebecca, but Veronica remained unfazed. 
She simply said, “You’ve done well. If you survive this great battle, you may follow and serve me.” 
“My lady!” Rebecca pouted, obviously resistant and even jealous. 
She showed Lin Tian a good face purely because Veronica intended to use him. 
Deep down, she harbored a strong aversion to goblins. 
Knowing this, Lin Tian never gave her a good face, avoiding being manipulated. 
“Thank you for the praise.” Lin Tian forced a smile, bowing his head, full of disdain. 
Thinking, what sort of trash? Serve you? Damn, I almost misheard. If you weren’t just a skeleton, I’d definitely take you down if given the chance! 
In this world, no woman was worth Lin Tian’s service. 
Only those he conquered. 
Thinking, even if you’re a skeleton, I’ll still make you submit. 
Otherwise, this show of superiority is pointless. 
Veronica gestured Rebecca to calm down and said, “You deserve it. Now, I’ll expand the army’s strength.” 
“Super-tier Magic · Heretical Summoning!” 
Immediately, two magic circles ten meters wide unfolded in the forest beside the goblin army! 
And several differently colored magic circles overlapped in the sky. 
Exuding extremely powerful magical energy. 
The wind howled, as if demons were whispering. 
Suddenly, a creepy, eerie laugh came from the magic circles, like impish chuckling. 
Two pitch-black heretical creatures slowly emerged from the magic circles. 
Each over ten meters tall, covered in writhing tentacles, lacking eyes, ears, or arms. 
Only three hoofed feet and a huge mouth. 
They even looked like bizarre oozing gold. 
[Evil God’s Black Goat Spawn: Lv100<br/>
Race: Heretical<br/>
Profession: None<br/>
Title: Ultimate Evil, Egg of the Black Goat Mother, Evil Devotee…<br/>
Health: 5000<br/>
Strength: 800<br/>
Defense: 1000<br/>
Skills: None<br/>
Equipment: None<br/>
Overall: 6000] 
… 
The Black Goat Spawn has a very similar name as the Dark Young from Overlord in Japanese. The Overlord translators didn’t translate it literally, and chose their own name for thematic purposes I guess. Evil God’s Black Goat Spawn: https://overlordmaruyama.fandom.com/wiki/Dark_Young 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 102: The Unexpected Path 
TL: Sungmin 
Upon seeing this guy’s attributes, Lin Tian immediately understood why Veronica’s combat power was so high. 
She had directly summoned two level 100 monsters. 
How could anyone fight against that? 
But what was this Black Goat Spawn? 
Someone’s child? 
It was so large and had such high attributes. 
Unfortunately, apart from its high health, it didn’t have anything particularly special. 
Still, it was enough to be considered a super soldier. 
With these two monsters assisting, they wouldn’t be crushed one-sidedly. 
“The guys from the Lionheart Empire are yours to handle. I’ll deal with the people from the Church,” Veronica said, then left with Rebecca and the Corpse Pope. 
Lin Tian couldn’t help but sigh, “Is this the difference in strength?” 
He then looked at his current attributes. 
[Lin Tian: Lv90<br/>
Race: Goblin<br/>
Profession: None<br/>
Title: Blasphemer, Potential God, God’s Blessing, …<br/>
Health: 2900<br/>
Strength: 889<br/>
Defense: 1030<br/>
Skills: Abnormal Fusion, Blood of Ruin, Blizzard Domain, Dream Manipulation, Ruinous Howl, No Blade Take, Sharpness, …<br/>
Equipment: Life Armor, Elemental Hand Crossbow, Spear of Zeus, Space Ring, …<br/>
Overall: 6800] 
Although world-class items wouldn’t increase attributes, they would enhance overall combat power. 
In other words, Lin Tian’s high combat power was achieved through world-class and half-moon-class magical items. 
Actually, having too many magical items wasn’t useful. 
During a fight, one could only control one or two world-class magical items effectively. 
It was better to focus on mastering the use of one, to exert maximum power. 
Currently, Lin Tian’s proficiency with the Spear of Zeus was too low; otherwise, his combat power could be higher. 
He mainly used it as a javelin or for electro-fishing. 
“Boss, someone from the Lionheart Empire is approaching us!” 
At this moment, several goblin scouts hurried over to report. 
Lin Tian narrowed his eyes, nodded, and activated the Call skill, summoning creatures from the entire enchanted forest. 
Unfortunately, due to the development of the goblin army, many monsters had been eaten. 
Only around twenty thousand remained, with over a thousand being fifth-tier or higher, three hundred sixth-tier, ten seventh-tier, and one eighth-tier. 
Despite being low-intelligence species, there were high-intelligence high-tier monsters among them. 
But those didn’t need to join the fight; the outcome didn’t affect them. 
Even if the Great Tomb lost, the Church had agreed not to interfere as long as they didn’t harm anyone. 
At this time, three empire scouts had already reached the cliff above the Tian Kuang Tribe. 
Seeing the vast number of goblins, various monsters, and those two terrifying aberrant creatures below, they were stunned. 
“What the hell are those things?!” 
“So many goblins?! His Majesty underestimated them!” 
“Luckily, we have a hundred thousand fully armored soldiers; otherwise, we’d be in danger!” 
The scouts were dumbfounded, especially when they saw the two Black Goat Spawn, feeling a strong physical and psychological discomfort. 
That was the aberrants’ innate ability, which would decrease one’s sanity. 
Sanity, also known as mental strength, would deteriorate with prolonged observation. 
Commonly referred to as unspeakable entities. 
Just as the scouts were in shock, a group of goblins surrounded them. Gobu Tian grabbed one and flew down. 
“Boss! Got them!” 
Lin Tian’s face turned cold, and he asked, “Do you have no fear of death?” 
The scout forced himself to remain calm, not showing any sign of fear, for he was there to declare war. 
If his spirit was weak, it would boost the enemy’s morale. 
Clearing his throat, he raised his voice, “Monsters! I represent the entire Lionheart Empire to declare war on you! A battle to the death outside the Great Tomb!” 
He handed over the declaration of war. 
“Quite a bit of spirit. Good! I accept your challenge.” 
Lin Tian stared at him with a strange expression. 
The scout inexplicably felt a surge of fear in his heart, staggering slightly but staying firm. 
He had already resolved not to return alive before coming. 
“Splurt.” 
Suddenly, bloody chunks fell from the sky. 
They were the blood and flesh of his companions. 
The eyes on the head were still wide open, with an expression of pain and ferocity, staring at him. 
Finally, the scout couldn’t hold it together, stepped back in fear, but tripped over Gobu Shan. 
Falling on him. 
Seeing Gobu Shan’s twisted, sinister face and the terrifyingly angled smile at the corner of his mouth. 
Gobu Shan, in the gentlest voice he could muster, said, “You touched me there… you must take responsibility, hehe.” 
The scout nearly fainted from fear. “What are you doing? Let me go, I beg you. I need to inform them of your response.” 
Suddenly, he saw a familiar figure. 
Golden hair, a side profile that was still so holy and beautiful, clean and moving like a white lotus. 
A familiar sense of security surged into his heart. 
It was Alicenia. 
But then he realized, “Sword Saintess, why are you…” 
Hearing his voice, Alicenia walked over. Seeing him so frightened, she remained calm and just drew the Ominous Blade. 
“Sword Saintess, go back. His Majesty and everyone at the Church…” 
Before the scout could finish his sentence, his head was severed from his body. 
The Ominous Blade had a hint of blood on it, which it quickly absorbed. 
This was the power of the Darkspawn. When enough blood was stored, it would rebel. If one couldn’t suppress it, the Darkspawn would take over the body. If suppressed, one would gain the power of the Darkspawn. 
Alicenia said calmly, “Be free. You, like me, are all deceived by demons.” 
The duty of a soldier was also to protect the residents. 
The actions of those residents had made Alicenia hate them to the bone. 
“Are you ready?” Lin Tian came over and asked. 
Alicenia nodded, “We can march out anytime.” 
Lin Tian nodded and looked at Gobu Yue. “You’ve worked hard during this time. Leave the fighting to us. Hide well here.” 
“But boss, I…” 
Gobu Yue hesitated. She was level 80, but because she was busy handling the tribe’s affairs, she hadn’t improved her strength.  
Like Lin Tian, she seemed unable to evolve into a high-tier variant, possibly due to some connection with the gods, making her relatively weak. 
Lin Tian raised his hand to interrupt her. “Let’s go.” 
He left the young wyvern Xiao Huan and Gobu Yue together, so they could escape if there was danger. 
Lin Tian slowly walked into the mighty goblin army. 
Alicenia, Gobu Kuang, Gobu Tian, Gobu Shan, Goblin Slayer, Lia, and the others followed.  
They were the leaders of this army, the pillars of combat strength. 
Walking at the front, leading their fierce monsters and goblins, they were imposing. 
With world-class magical items, Gobu Kuang and the others had their combat power soaring to over 5,000, about to evolve into overlord variants, even reaching over 6,000. 
They were fully capable of fighting the empire and the church. 
As for Lin Tian, he used Abnormal Fusion to devour a big variant goblin, transforming into a big variant and following behind Alicenia and the others. 
He had a regular low-level goblin walk in front as his decoy. 
Using the leader’s control ability, he could manipulate the decoy’s every move and word perfectly, fooling the church bastards and avoiding concentrated attacks. 
Those guys hated him to the bone. 
If they focused their attacks on her, even Alicenia would die instantly. 
The army marched forward. 
The Black Goat Spawn charged ahead like a killing machine, knocking down large trees easily. 
Lin Tian had to clear the trees; otherwise, they would crush many low-level goblins. 
There was no other way. It was just a spawn with no consciousness. 
It needed to devour humans to maintain activity, or it would die within three days. 
Lin Tian realized he was wrong to let Veronica release these two creatures so soon. 
It was troubling. 
“Boss, what is that thing? It looks so disgusting, and it keeps knocking down trees,” Gobu Kuang asked, first addressing the low-level goblin in front, then realizing and turning back. 
Lin Tian quickly explained, “I’ve told you all not to stare at those two. They’re aberrant creatures, called Black Goat Spawns, unable to understand words.” 
Gobu Tian scratched his head. “Aberrant? Black Goat Spawn?” 
Suddenly, he seemed to think of something. “Since it’s a spawn, can we mate with it to produce offspring?” 
Everyone froze, looking at Gobu Kuang as if he were a genius. 
An unexpected path indeed. 
His thought process left them speechless. 
Gobu Tian flew up and smacked his head. “Stop thinking nonsense. We’re about to fight. Can you focus? You have thoughts about that thing? You’re worse than Gobu Shan.” 
“You also went to see it,” Gobu Kuang said, feeling wronged. 
Lin Tian thought for a moment, his eyes lighting up. Gobu Kuang’s idea seemed quite reasonable. 
He wasn’t a pure goblin after all. 
Why hadn’t he thought that everything could mate? 
The Black Goat Spawn could work too! 
The initial formation of a new life needed specific combinations, everyone knew that. 
So, the Black Goat Spawn could create a new life. 
“If a new life could really be created, wouldn’t I be the husband of the Flame Dragon Mother, legitimately?” 
Lin Tian’s eyes twitched. He decided to try. 
The Flame Dragon Mother was one of the seven great evil gods. 
Although a legend, with the Black Goat Spawn here, it might be true. 
Lin Tian withdrew to the back of the goblin army, sneaking close to the Black Goat Spawn. 
It was as big as a tall building. 
The aberrant’s innate skill made it increasingly uncomfortable to look at, driving people insane. 
Lin Tian couldn’t stand it either. 
He gritted his teeth, closed his eyes. 
And dealt with the matter. 
Better than losing all sanity. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 103: Are You Going to Have Children for Me??? 
TL: Sungmin 
“Let me take the path that no one has thought of!” 
Lin Tian seemed to have made a firm decision. 
He bit his teeth and closed his eyes. 
,,, 
“Hey? Where’s the boss? Are you the boss?” 
Gobu Kuang looked at the large group of big goblins behind him in confusion. 
They all looked the same, so he couldn’t tell them apart. 
Gobu Tian cursed, “Can you stop being so annoying? The boss is already fed up with you.” 
“Oh…” 
After the hustle and bustle ended. 
Lin Tian finally returned to Alice and the others. 
The others hadn’t noticed, but Alice had seen Lin Tian leave earlier, so she couldn’t help but ask, “Messenger, what were you doing just now?” 
“Nothing.” 
Seeing that things might be exposed, Lin Tian quickly shook his head in denial. 
Finally, a ray of sunlight appeared ahead. 
This indicated they had reached the edge of the Great Tomb. 
“Is it coming…” 
Both Lin Tian and Alice and the others felt a bit nervous. 
They stepped out of the Great Tomb, heading towards the main battlefield. 
,,, 
“Where’s the scout? Why hasn’t he returned yet? Could he have died again? Those damned goblins, this is a declaration of war. If you don’t send them back, how will I know if you’ve accepted the challenge?!” 
Charles II, clad in bronze armor and having replaced his crown with a helmet, was cursing Lin Tian furiously in the military camp. 
Killing even a messenger was too despicable and shameless. 
The faces of the numerous commanding barons in the tent also looked grim. 
Klein couldn’t help but comfort him, “Your Majesty, don’t get angry with a goblin. He does these things precisely because he’s a goblin.” 
“I can’t wait to kill him right now!” 
Charles II’s anger surged, as he was utterly fed up. 
At this moment, a frontline scout rushed in, “Your Majesty, the goblins… have arrived!” 
“Hmph, finally here! Alice, I’ll bring you home!” 
Charles II and his men rushed out of the tent, readying the soldiers. 
Preparing for battle. 
“Boom…” 
However, when they felt the unusual, intense trembling of the ground, their brows furrowed with a sense of gravity. 
Things seemed to be beyond their expectations. 
“What is that?! Why does it give such a strong sense of discomfort to the mind and body?” 
“My God, this scale, there must be a hundred thousand goblins, and so many monsters!” 
“How is that possible? In just half a year, how could a goblin tribe develop so fast!” 
Everyone’s faces contorted into exaggerated, twisted expressions! 
It was unbelievable to the extreme, making them doubt their sanity! 
Goblin tribes couldn’t possibly unite and merge. 
These hundred thousand goblins that appeared out of nowhere made them feel like they were dreaming! 
One must know that a hundred thousand goblins could consume tens of tons of food in a day! 
A hundred tons of food could pile up into a small mountain. 
Where did so much food come from? 
Charles II gritted his teeth, calming himself, “What’s there to fear? We have a hundred thousand fully armored soldiers. Even if there were two hundred thousand goblins, we could still win!” 
“But Your Majesty, what about those two black, unsettling monsters?!” A marquis couldn’t help but ask. 
Humans, when faced with the unknown, were either filled with curiosity or fear. 
At this moment, the cardinal walked over, flipping through a bible, “Those are heretical creatures, the spawn of the Black Goat, mentioned in the bible. Tell all soldiers not to look at them directly. 
The Black Goat Mother Goddess periodically expels eggs from her body, but I didn’t expect them to appear here.” 
Hearing this explanation, everyone was still confused. 
Many had never heard of the Black Goat Mother Goddess. 
After all, it was an ancient matter. 
Charles II didn’t pay much attention and instead asked, “Where is His Holiness the Pope?” 
“He is in the rear. I’ve come to help you lead the charge and was given this.” The cardinal said, taking out a long sword. 
It was the Holy Sword of Alicenia. 
The holy sword was originally an eleventh-tier magical weapon, composed of two parts: the blade and the holy cross hilt. 
Due to the rarity of magical weapons, it had been split into two for use. 
Now, combined into one, it was named the Holy Cross Sword. 
It could now exert its true power. 
The blade was 30 centimeters longer, and the hilt was a large golden cross shape, allowing it to be held with both hands. 
Charles II’s face darkened as he looked at the sword, “Is that so? I believe it should be returned to its original owner.” 
“Don’t worry, that’s my goal. When the undead make their move, the old Pope will also take action.” The cardinal added. 
In a situation where both sides had top-tier strongmen of similar strength. 
Whoever struck first had a higher chance of failure. 
Magic and skills couldn’t be used indiscriminately, as each use came with a significant cost. 
That’s why the lower ranks were always sent to fight first; if they could force the enemy’s trump card to act first, they would be one step closer to victory. 
Moreover, the old pope was already frail and weak. The initial consumption from striking first would be irreparable. 
One action would leave him weaker. 
This was why Veronica allowed Lin Tian to wantonly deplete the resources of the Great Tomb and provided him with protection. 
Lin Tian and his army had already reached the middle of the battlefield. 
They first surveyed the surrounding terrain. 
This place was called the ‘Laiyang Plains.’ 
The area was relatively flat, with soft grass and various flowers growing on the ground. 
It was indeed very suitable for battle, with no fear of ambushes or traps. 
“Boom… Swoosh!” 
Ahead, the soldiers of the Lionheart Empire also began to move. 
Whether it was their marching or getting into formation, the thunderous sounds were uniform and synchronized. 
The silver armor reflected the dazzling white light under the sun, 
dazzling to the extreme. 
A strong military presence exuded from them, 
full of oppressive force. 
However, Lin Tian’s side remained very calm. 
They waited for the enemy to approach. 
Charles II immediately locked his eyes on the low-level goblin standing at the forefront and asked, “Is it him? Is it really just a low-level goblin?” 
“That’s right. I encountered that damned beast before!” Klein gritted his teeth with a vicious snarl. 
He would never forget Lin Tian’s words and would never forgive what he had done! 
His most revered role model and goddess had been defiled by a goblin! 
He swore silently, “Alice, I will bring you home! Even if it costs me my life!” 
Charles II nodded, knowing it was enough to identify the most hateful guy. 
But suddenly. 
He saw that familiar face. 
Pure and flawless, with a pair of captivating azure eyes. 
However, the natural innocence and purity in those eyes had vanished, replaced only by darkness and coldness. 
Charles II disregarded everything else and shouted, “Alice! I’ve come to take you home, come here, child!” 
But the Sword Saintess only glanced at him without responding. 
The coldness in her eyes seemed like an icy sword piercing Charles II’s heart, “Why, child, have you forgotten your people? They need your protection!” 
“Yes, Princess Alice, do you remember me? We used to train together every day, and you often pinned me to the ground!” Klein also called out. 
They had discussed it beforehand, deciding to set aside Alice’s massacre. 
And if she could change her mind, they wouldn’t even hold her accountable. 
“Shut up!” 
Suddenly, this sharp reprimand stunned Charles II and his men. 
Alice said angrily, “Don’t mention them to me. I still have to kill more of those damn demons! I won’t come back, Charles II!” 
She had suffered for over ten years, all to protect those people. 
In the end, those people wanted her dead. 
Return? Are you insane? 
On Lin Tian’s side, not only could she communicate with God, but there was also no pressure like before. 
Which side was better was clear even to a fool. 
But ultimately, deep down, Alicenia was still evading. She knew some things could never be made right. 
So she might as well go all the way. 
“Alicenia, look at this! Have you forgotten the responsibility the church bestowed upon you?” 
At this moment, the cardinal took out the Holy Cross Sword. 
At that moment, it was clear that Alice was somewhat shaken, her expression changing. 
Charles II and his men’s eyes lit up with excitement. 
They felt there was a possibility of bringing her back. 
However, Alice only showed a disdainful expression, “Do you want to see my sword?” 
She then pulled out the Ominous Blade. 
The contained demonic energy surged into the sky! 
The entire sky visibly darkened for a moment before gradually recovering. 
The cardinal’s expression turned grave as he stared at that sword, finding it extremely troublesome. 
“That’s enough. You shameless people, is it fun to keep pestering?” 
At this moment, the low-level goblin under Lin Tian’s control spoke in a lowered voice. 
Full of arrogance and disrespect. 
Immediately, Charles II’s face turned into a hideous and terrifying expression, his words flying with spittle. 
It was as if a lion’s roar could be heard, full of hatred, “Lin Tian! I’ve underestimated you, you damned beast! To think you created so many goblins in such a short time. Truly worthy of being a beast!!!” 
“What did you do to Princess Alice?! Ahhh!” 
Klein was almost about to lose it! 
He had spent every moment recently improving his strength just to bring Alice back. 
He must personally kill Lin Tian! 
“You call yourself a king, yet you lack even a bit of decency?” Lin Tian responded irritably, directly taking the moral high ground. 
He began to point and criticize him. 
This move was a killer. 
However, Charles II was shameless now, “Hmph, you think you can lecture me about morals and decency? Don’t you know what you’ve done? Killing my people, kidnapping my people, committing all sorts of evil! I’m here today to wipe out you pests!” 
“That’s too much. What do you mean by ‘all sorts of evil’? Did we do anything wrong?” As he spoke, he turned to ask the goblins. 
They all answered in unison that they hadn’t. 
Lin Tian continued, “I am a goblin. God gave me the ability to grow stronger by consuming flesh and blood. Should I starve myself? Will you feed me? 
If I don’t capture your people, how will I mate? God decreed that my race wouldn’t have females. Will you have children for me?” 
These words. 
Immediately caused a moment of silence. Charles II and his men wanted to say something, but the words seemed stuck in their throats. 
Lin Tian added, “By stopping us, are you defying God’s will? Such audacity!” 
“Damn!” 
The humans staggered, nearly losing their balance. 
They had no idea how to refute. 
Indeed, the god who created goblins made them eat flesh and blood and mate with other species’ females. 
In a sense, stopping the goblins was defying God’s will. 
Even the cardinal was speechless, looking a bit flustered, “That’s sophistry! Since there’s nothing more to say, let’s fight!!!” 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 104: Do It, Kill Lin Tian! 
TL: Sungmin 
“Hey, I know you’re in a hurry, but don’t rush just yet. I’m not the type who enjoys fighting and killing. It would be best if you could surrender.” Lin Tian spoke in a sarcastic tone. 
In an instant. 
Even the cardinal couldn’t hold back any longer and cursed, pointing at Lin Tian’s nose, “Beast! Stop slandering us! Does our church seem like a bunch of bloodthirsty fighters to you?” 
“But you were the ones who wanted to start the war.” Lin Tian replied innocently. 
The cardinal’s expression twisted, his lips twitching, “I…!” 
Yet, he didn’t know how to retort for a moment. 
Charles II stopped him, “Bishop, stop arguing with him. Soldiers! For justice, annihilate these monsters! Reclaim our saintess!” 
“Hah!” A deafening shout erupted. 
It echoed through everyone’s hearts like the chimes of a soul bell. 
The battle erupted instantly. 
The goblins showed no signs of fear, opening their mouths full of sharp teeth and saliva, roaring as they charged! 
Lin Tian first commanded the larger monsters to charge at the forefront. 
They mustn’t allow their shieldmen to form a formation, or they would be pushed back relentlessly. 
“Oh my god, what are these things!” 
The shieldmen, seeing the massive beasts charging at them, felt a sense of dread, like a mantis trying to stop a chariot. 
They didn’t dare to lift their heads. 
But they didn’t retreat either, burying their heads behind their shields and gritting their teeth, using all their strength to resist. 
Yet, they couldn’t withstand the impact of the four- to five-meter-tall monsters. 
The front lines of the imperial troops were immediately broken. 
Lin Tian quickly ordered, “Charge in!” 
With the formation broken, it was the best time to strike directly. 
A large number of goblins infiltrated the ranks of the imperial soldiers, engaging in close combat. 
However, even with simple iron armor, they were no match for the fully armored soldiers. 
On average, it took five small goblins to take down one fully armored soldier. 
For the larger variants, it took two. 
But the final outcome was still uncertain. 
“Lancers, blade riders! Take down those larger beasts first! Shieldmen, regroup!” Charles II shouted, commanding with unwavering composure. 
The neighs of carnivorous horses echoed! 
Heavy cavalry from both sides began charging into the central battlefield, their hoofbeats striking fear! 
Cavalry against infantry was a dimension reduction strike. 
Especially heavy cavalry. 
Their path was littered with goblin corpses. 
There was no way to fight back. Even if you wanted to attack, your reach wasn’t as far as the lancers, and the carnivorous horses were also armored. 
There was no way to attack. 
Several blade riders wielded long knives, beginning to dismember a giant tusked boar. 
After a flurry of attacks, the fifth-tier monster was soon hacked to death, its body covered in gruesome wounds. 
A horrifying sight. 
Having dealt with one, the cavalry moved to the next target. 
Charles II smiled slightly, boasting, “Now you’ll see the power of the empire’s iron! Crush their skulls to pieces!!” 
During the Yuan Dynasty, the Mongolian cavalry, known as the scourge of God, had terrified half of Europe. 
This was the strength of cavalry. 
Lin Tian and his group stayed behind, watching the scene from afar, their expressions heavy. 
No wonder they lost in the life simulation before, the cavalry were too powerful. 
They would definitely have to develop this unit in the future. 
But this time, he wouldn’t be afraid. 
“Swish, swish, swish!” 
Suddenly, dark tentacles extended into the battlefield, wrapping around the carnivorous horses and riders together. 
They were shoved into a giant mouth, where crunching and grinding sounds were heard, sparks flying! 
The Black Goat Spawns had joined the battle. 
To the cavalry and the entire imperial army, they were a nightmare. 
With over ten tentacles, many were lifted into the air, witnessing their comrades being chewed up close by, their flesh and blood being crushed, scaring them to the point of wetting themselves! 
“Captain! No, someone save us!” A soldier screamed. 
He watched helplessly as his most respected captain was swallowed by the Black Goat Spawn. 
The head was bitten by giant, human-like teeth. 
With a forceful bite. 
Blood splattered onto the soldier. 
Even the armor was swallowed. 
Suddenly, streaks of holy light sword energy shot forth. 
The cardinal rescued the soldier, “I’ll handle these two monsters. Summoning heretical creatures, it must be its doing, right?” 
He wielded the Holy Cross Sword, continuously slashing out holy light sword energy. 
In an instant, several wounds appeared on the Black Goat Spawn. 
However, after devouring a few soldiers, it began to heal. 
But if this continued, it would be killed by the cardinal sooner or later. 
“Alice, you know what I want to say.” Lin Tian’s voice sounded solemn. 
Alice slowly drew the Ominous Blade, her expression cold, “I understand…” 
Her azure eyes were filled with hatred for the cardinal! 
The cardinal, who was in the midst of a fierce battle with the Black Goat Spawn, suddenly felt a chill down his spine. 
He quickly turned around to see Alice slowly approaching him through the fighting crowd. 
The soldiers who saw Alice didn’t attack; they kept trying to persuade her. 
Unfortunately. 
She cut down a large swath with a single sword strike! 
“Alice… can you really turn back?” Seeing her current state, the cardinal felt extreme disappointment, “This is all my sin. Let me put an end to it!” 
Now wielding the Holy Cross Sword, his combat power had reached nearly 7,000. 
Meanwhile, Alice, equipped with dual fused world-class magical artifacts and tenth-tier armor, had her combat power soaring to a full 7,000. 
This was why Rebecca had felt her life threatened upon seeing Alice before. 
“Ultimate Magic: Angel’s Redemption!” 
After chanting, the holy light on the long sword burst forth, and the cardinal glowed like a dazzling golden ball of light. 
One could see the golden lines spreading from the long sword to half of his body. 
The left side of his body also sprouted half a light wing. 
A red cross tattoo on his forehead radiated intense light. 
His eyes subtly glowed gold. 
He looked like a ‘Power Angel,’ exuding a majestic and sacred aura. 
Angels were divided into Power Angels, Thrones, Cherubim, Seraphim, Archangels, and so on. 
Among them, Power Angels were of the warrior type. 
Alice’s face remained cold, unfazed by the howling holy light that blew her golden hair around. 
She simply asked, “Do you regret it?” 
“I have repented countless times. Today is the day of redemption. Come, Sword Saintess!” The cardinal answered resolutely. 
But Alice stared intensely into his eyes, making him somewhat guilty, “But I smell killing intent on you. Do you want to kill me?” 
She wasn’t literally smelling it. 
It was the whispers of the dark void in her ear, saying it smelled the intent to kill her. 
The cardinal’s guilt was apparent, “You are already incurable. I will redeem you now!” 
With that, he disappeared in an instant. 
He was already above Alice, the Holy Cross Sword poised to strike down. 
Indeed, seeing Alice calmly kill soldiers earlier, he had decided he couldn’t let her live. 
So he started with his ultimate move, all power unleashed. 
Alice swiftly dodged, sending two fierce steel winds towards him. 
The cardinal’s holy light shield blocked them, but then his expression changed, “What!” 
The shield cracked after two hits and eventually shattered. 
As he was still in shock. 
Alice had already gathered the exclusive skill of her world-class magical artifact, “Dragon of the Damned!” 
The soul of the dragon within the sword had fully submitted to Alice. 
She could control it at will. 
She then rushed to the cardinal and engaged in close combat. 
Every strike came with the terrifying roar of a dragon. 
The cardinal blocked, cold sweat breaking out on his forehead, “What is this power?! It feels like each hit is a dragon pouncing on me!” 
One misstep, and he would die in the dragon’s maw. 
The intense pressure from the dragon’s might made it hard for him to breathe. 
After all, the dragon was once on par with the ancient dragon kings, its power over 10,000. 
Yet, the cardinal could still hold his ground. 
… 
At this moment, Charles II of the Lionheart Empire, Klein, and the Imperial Knights. 
All their eyes were locked on Lin Tian, each wielding a tenth-tier magical artifact. 
‘Holy War Gauntlets’ and ‘Imperial Battle Flag.’ 
Klein, who obtained his magical artifact from the church after trials, wielded it with immense killing power and anti-monster properties. 
After half a year of relentless practice, he could destroy a fifth-tier monster with a single punch. 
The Imperial Battle Flag, used by the Imperial Knights, was an area amplification artifact. 
Every wave granted nearby allies boosts in speed, strength, and defense. 
It also provided immunity to most slowing effects, poison, and more. 
An essential artifact for opening engagements. 
Charles II’s Lionheart Sword, an eleventh-tier magical artifact, was forged from the faith of countless citizens. 
It lacked anti-monster effects but possessed tremendous destructive power. 
It also had the exclusive skill ‘Unyielding Lion’s Roar,’ which had an extended range, stunning enemies for a long time. 
“Your Majesty, shall we strike? Make sure to kill him in one blow!” Klein said with hatred-filled eyes. 
Today, his strength had reached 5,000, feeling even stronger than the former Alicenia. 
Thus, he was extremely arrogant. 
The Imperial Knight Captain Hamlet also said, “Once Your Majesty strikes, we’ll rush in and push the others away, then we can kill him!” 
Seeing their determination, Charles II gritted his teeth, “Prepare… let’s move.” 
He took a deep breath and roared loudly toward the front, several meters away! 
“Roar!” 
The deafening lion’s roar formed a funnel, shaking everything in its path! 
Everyone in the triangular area was stunned by the sound waves. 
“Attack!” 
At Hamlet’s command, he swung the Imperial Battle Flag! 
Colorful halos surrounded them. 
Five Imperial Knights charged through, scattering all the goblins in their path with their mounts. 
Lin Tian was hiding behind the army. 
Even Gobu Kuang was knocked unconscious by the roar. 
The small goblin disguised as Lin Tian was bleeding from all seven orifices. 
Charles II and his men, filled with excitement, charged forward. 
“We’ve got him! Die, you beast!” 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 105: Despair? Good, Despair! 
TL: Sungmin 
Their frenzied shouts were hysterical. 
Seeing this, many goblins who were not stunned rushed over, trying to protect ‘Lin Tian’. 
However, they were knocked away by the Imperial Knights. 
In an instant, Klein’s punch exploded with a strong holy light. 
It directly smashed into ‘Lin Tian’s’ head. 
On the spot, his brain burst open! 
It exploded everywhere like a balloon. 
Charles II also fiercely stabbed the Lion King’s Sword into ‘Lin Tian’s’ heart, and twisted it. 
The long spears of Hamlet’s men also stabbed wildly. 
They cruelly dismembered the small goblin into pieces. 
In the distance, the real Lin Tian, who had anticipated this terrifying attack, gasped in shock. 
Even his anus was trembling, “Tsk tsk tsk, just how much do they hate me?” 
He couldn’t imagine if it were really him, he would probably be half-dead if not completely dead. 
“Finally… finally, we got you!” Klein laughed madly, trembling with excitement. 
He reached down, picked up a piece of flesh, and threw it towards the goblin army, “Your leader is dead! Surrender now!” 
Charles II exhaled deeply, as if a heavy stone had finally been lifted. 
He was extremely relieved. 
At this moment, Gobu Kuang and the others also recovered, “Boss! You… you died so horribly!” 
Seeing the blurry mess of green flesh, Gobu Kuang immediately knelt on the ground and cried loudly. 
Gobu Tian and Gobu Shan were stunned for a moment, not expecting him to get into character so quickly. 
They then began to mourn as well. 
“My dear boss, didn’t you say you would travel the world with me? How could you leave like this!” 
“He was a hero. It’s a pity he couldn’t fulfill his wish to travel the world. I will carry on your wish, boss!” 
Seeing their exaggerated performance. 
Charles II and the others didn’t notice anything wrong, instead becoming more convinced they had finally killed Lin Tian. 
They didn’t expect it to be so unexpectedly easy. 
Suddenly, a powerful magic beam shot towards him, blasting him away with terrifying force! 
Gobu Kuang, holding various magical items, started attacking. 
Gobu Tian seized the opportunity to capture an Imperial Knight and killed him on the spot. 
As an assassin, if he couldn’t kill with one strike, it would be a waste. 
“These goblins are strong too, be careful!” Charles II got up from a distance, warning cautiously. 
At this moment, a cold voice rang out, “I just don’t get it. Do you hate me this much? Alice chose to be with me willingly, there was nothing I could do.” 
Gulp! 
Hearing this, Charles II and the others’ hearts skipped a beat. 
Lin Tian shed his disguise and returned to his original form, walking slowly towards them. 
These guys had already used their big moves, now was the perfect time to kill them. 
“You! You!” 
Klein looked in disbelief at the pile of flesh, then at Lin Tian. 
He couldn’t believe he wasn’t dead. 
The problem was, all goblins looked the same. 
With facial blindness, it was impossible to recognize them. 
Charles II’s face darkened, “So it’s you. No wonder you’ve been causing chaos in my Lionheart Empire! Today, we will end this!” 
He didn’t expect to fall into the trap so quickly. 
He truly realized the terror of this goblin. 
“Your Majesty, let me duel him! I must vent the resentment in my heart!” Duke Klein said with hatred. 
These six months of effort were for today! 
He then challenged, “Do you dare to duel me?!” 
Lin Tian rolled his eyes and shrugged, “Do I need help to kill you? You guys, don’t interfere.” 
He raised his hand. 
The surrounding goblins stopped. 
“Good! I’m here to avenge myself, Alice, and the entire empire! Can you withstand this rage?” 
With that said, 
Klein’s Holy War Gauntlets burst into intense light, dazzling like flowing fire. 
For monsters, that holy light was scorching flame. 
Touching it meant death. 
Lin Tian stood still, slowly pulling out a sharp shortsword. 
He was fearless, even showing a wicked smile. 
“Die!” 
In an instant! 
A powerful energy erupted behind Klein! 
He flew towards Lin Tian, fists crashing down heavily! 
Charles II and his men frowned, warning, “Be careful, that guy is too calm!” 
Gobu Kuang and the others watched as if it were a show. 
They were not worried about Lin Tian at all. 
However, 
The scene before them was unexpected for everyone! 
Lin Tian raised the shortsword to block, and the blade shattered into pieces! 
The whole person was blasted into pieces by the terrifying fist! 
Mucus splattered everywhere! 
“Damn! Boss!” 
At that moment, Gobu Kuang and the others panicked, truly panicked! 
They never expected their boss to actually die! 
Charles II and his group were also at a loss, “Huh? Did we really kill him?” 
“You did, but not completely.” 
Suddenly. 
The nearby goblin slowly spoke. 
He directly picked up the Spear of Zeus and thrust it fiercely at Klein! 
It pierced through his kidney on the spot. 
A lion uses all its strength to catch a rabbit; naturally, he wouldn’t underestimate these guys. 
Sneak attack, plus full force, suited his style perfectly. 
Klein’s face contorted in pain, “How! You! You despicable scoundrel!” 
He was about to launch another attack. 
“Zzzzzz!” 
In the next second, powerful lightning electrocuted him into a pretzel. 
Lin Tian kicked him away disdainfully and pulled out the Spear of Zeus, “I endured your rage, and then?” 
Unfortunately, Klein was already dead from the electrocution. 
His eyes were wide open, full of resentment. 
After half a year of hellish training, he longed to defeat Lin Tian fair and square to vent his resentment. 
But his ideal was too naive. 
Did he think this world was like a hero’s anime? No one could predict how the plot would change. 
Anyone could die in the next second. 
“Bastard!!!” At this time, Charles II gritted his teeth, his whole body shaking with anger. 
Klein was the kingdom’s greatest young talent, second only to Alice. 
And now he was killed in such a deceitful way. 
Unable to hold back any longer, he yelled, “I’ll kill you!” 
“Your Majesty, wait! This might not be his true form!” Hamlet quickly held him back. 
Charles II struggled a few more times before finally calming down. 
He nearly lost his mind in rage. 
The empire he worked so hard to build over half his life. 
Being toyed with by a goblin felt worse than death! 
Watching a capable general being killed by underhanded means, yet being unable to do anything about it. 
Even a child would cry out of frustration. 
At this moment, a small goblin circled behind them. 
Hamlet was the first to notice something wrong and charged over on his warhorse, killing the goblin on the spot! 
“No, this doesn’t seem to be his true form either…” 
As he was still suspicious. 
A deafening roar erupted from behind! 
“Roar!!” 
Lin Tian’s Ruinous Howl stunned the members of the knight regiment. 
He immediately started attacking. 
Gobu Tian quickly climbed up the horse’s leg and used his Void Dagger to kill someone instantly. 
Their combat power was around 4,000. Without the boost from the Imperial Battle Flag, they could be easily dealt with. 
Gobu Kuang used magic chains to control two people, lifting them and throwing them into the goblin crowd. 
In the blink of an eye, they were devoured completely. 
The last knight bled from all seven orifices, stunned in place. 
Charles II was also affected but not stunned; he quickly retreated. 
“Allen, Emile, Dos! Damn it!!!” 
Hamlet almost screamed, his face twisted with rage as he charged over, his eyes nearly popping out! 
Veins bulged on his neck and forehead! 
He hurriedly rushed towards the last knight, ‘Herbert.’ 
“Herbert! Wake up!” 
Hamlet rode his horse, waving the battle flag, hoping to snap him out of the daze. 
Sure enough. 
Herbert began to regain consciousness, but Gobu Kuang’s giant axe was already before him. 
He quickly turned to flee. 
But it was too late. 
From a distance, on the massive magic beast ‘Elephant Mountain,’ Lia pulled back her bow. 
She released an arrow! 
It hit Herbert’s back precisely, piercing his heart. 
Seeing Herbert collapse, Hamlet relaxed a bit, “Let’s retreat quickly, these guys are too despicable!” 
But Herbert didn’t respond. 
He just stared blankly at him. 
“Herbert? Why are you just standing there? We need to cover the retreat of His Majesty, we can’t worry about Allen and the others now!” Hamlet shouted urgently, both anxious and confused. 
Herbert made a choking sound, hot blood gushing from his throat. 
Barely audible, he said, “Knight Commander… I’m sorry, I can only leave the task of protecting the kingdom to you…” 
Then he fell off his horse. 
The invincible knight order had been nearly wiped out. 
Only Hamlet was left. 
He stood frozen in place, the horrific scene before him turning into endless rage surging to his brain! 
It felt like his blood vessels were about to burst! 
Trembling, he gritted his teeth, making a grinding sound, “What have you done!!!” 
His scream tore his throat, coughing up some bloody saliva. 
Lin Tian looked innocent, “Weren’t you the one who went off to kill goblins? Who can you blame?” 
As the most important support, he went off alone to fight monsters. 
Naturally, that would doom his teammates. 
However, that sneaky low-level goblin was also controlled by Lin Tian. 
The purpose was to lure him away. 
Only then did they have the chance to kill those knights. 
Otherwise, if they were allowed to fight freely, they would be hard to deal with. 
Even if Gobu Kuang and the others teamed up, they might barely hold their own. 
Hamlet’s mind buzzed, “Did I… kill my own team? I’ll fight you to the death! Damn you all!” 
This time, Charles II held him back with all his strength. 
“Wait, have you forgotten? Don’t be impulsive, Knight Commander!!” 
Unfortunately, he had lost his mind. 
The pain of indirectly causing the death of comrades who had fought with him for years was worse than death! 
He had no intention of continuing to live. 
He swung his battle flag and stabbed it into Gobu Kuang’s shoulder, charging forward on his warhorse, pushing him back dozens of meters! 
A large group of goblins pounced on him. 
“Swish!” 
They were all torn apart by the spearhead on the battle flag. 
Speed, strength, and defense were amplified, ignoring control effects. 
He slaughtered the goblins as if they were nothing! 
This was why Lin Tian wanted to sneak attack the knights first; ignoring control effects was tough to deal with. 
He moved freely among the goblins, killing at will. 
But it was time to end this. 
He aimed the Spear of Zeus and threw it forcefully! 
“Thud!” 
It pierced through his body! 
A large bloody hole appeared in his right chest cavity. 
Lin Tian was stunned, “Damn, ignoring control effects can do that? So smooth?” 
But then again, this guy had nearly 6,000 overall combat power. 
In the blink of an eye, he killed hundreds or even thousands of low-level goblins. 
Gobu Kuang got up, forcibly restraining him, while Gobu Tian sneaked up and created another large hole in his heart. 
“Super-tier Martial Skill·Undying Will!!!” 
“Your Majesty, I can’t stay with you anymore! I’m sorry!” 
Hamlet shouted, his eyes turning blood-red, with no pupils or whites visible, his whole body burning with intense fighting spirit! 
His entire figure became almost a blur! 
Blood continuously sprayed from his body, but he seemed unaffected. 
He kept fighting madly. 
A large number of goblins were chopped into pieces. 
Or rather, he was already dead, just a fighting corpse! 
Yet he continued to roar, his aura overwhelming! 
In this state, the goblins were terrified, their legs shaking, retreating and fleeing. 
Even Lin Tian couldn’t help but marvel, “Damn, that’s freakishly powerful? Everyone fall back!” 
They just needed to wait for his super-tier martial skill to expire; there was no need for unnecessary sacrifices. 
“Boss, you’re amazing, dealing with those tough guys so quickly.” 
Gobu Kuang and the others praised in admiration. 
Suddenly, a hysterical voice rang out nearby. 
“Hamlet! I acknowledge your knightly spirit!!! But, but why did it have to be like this!!!” 
Charles II watched from a distance, shouting in agony. 
The once invincible Lionheart King felt powerless, desperate! 
Even terrified! 
In just a brief encounter, they were toyed with by a goblin! 
His top generals were all dead! 
Klein, the Imperial Knight Order, had all achieved great feats. 
Yet they died so miserably, so unceremoniously! 
Who wouldn’t be devastated? 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 106: The Power of the Darkspawn 
TL: Sungmin 
“Steel Gale!” 
Terrifying, tangible sword energy slashed towards the cardinal. 
He was forced to retreat continuously, unable to counterattack. 
The deflected sword energy howled chaotically! 
In an instant, dozens of fully armored Imperial soldiers were shredded into pieces! 
A mist of blood filled the sky. 
Both sides of the fight instinctively paused, frantically retreating to a distance, not daring to approach. 
The cardinal knew in his heart that with the sword, he was no match for Alicenia. 
At this moment, his body was already covered in wounds. 
However, Alice’s attacks only grew fiercer! 
Cold sweat covered the cardinal’s forehead. “What a pity. If you could continue serving as the Sword Saintess, you might even surpass the Pope in the future!” 
So young, yet possessing such skill. 
One couldn’t help but feel both regret and awe. 
But now, no matter what, he had to take her down! 
Behind him, five tall Temple Guards approached slowly. 
They were stronger than the Holy Cross Guards, akin to squad leaders. 
Each had a power level of 6,000. 
There were only ten of them in the entire church. 
Clad in rusty, giant heavy armor, wielding cross-shaped broadswords, they exuded a stench of blood and bronze. 
They differed from monks and clerics. 
They bore no hint of sanctity, only deep, overwhelming killing intent. 
In a way, they were simply warriors. 
Similar to the warrior monks of Shaolin Temple. 
When words and reasoning failed, the Buddha would use a staff to enlighten you. 
The Temple Guards were no different. 
Behind them lay a trail of goblin corpses. 
Low-level goblins were crushed into pulp with a single stomp. 
“Your Excellency, the Holy Mother sent us to assist you,” the lead Temple Guard, Ferfis, said. 
His pupils, under the faceplate, glowed with a cold golden light. 
The cardinal finally caught his breath, warning, “Be careful, his sword contains the soul of a dragon and something else I can’t identify.” 
Ferfis nodded, raised his longsword, and attacked first! 
A leaping slash, dodged by Alice. 
“Boom!” 
The ground split into a ten-meter-long fissure! 
As Alice dodged, Temple Guards attacked from her left, right, and behind. 
They leaped high, swinging their swords down! 
Steel Gale slashed out, stirring up a cloud of dust! 
When the dust settled, the Temple Guards had vanished. 
Ferfis coldly asked, “Your Excellency, do we really have to keep her here forever?” 
Although they hadn’t interacted much with the Sword Saintess. 
They couldn’t bear to see her fall like this. 
“Do you see those soldiers’ corpses around? She did that. Do you really think she can be redeemed? You think I’m not heartbroken?” The cardinal shouted, emotionally agitated. 
He regretted it too, but now he was on the same path as Alice, a path of no return. 
Some mistakes could never be undone. 
“Ultimate Magic·Holy Force Field!!” 
Instantly, three golden magic circles condensed in the sky! 
Forming a hemispherical shield, trapping the seven of them inside. 
The range was small, only about ten meters, leaving almost no room to dodge. 
The cardinal held his holy sword, his expression uncharacteristically calm. “Alice, I’m sorry, let me end this sin today.” 
Ferfis and the others immediately attacked. 
In the confined space, Alice had nowhere to dodge, forced to take each attack head-on. 
She had to circle around, as being pinned against the force field would leave her helpless against multiple attackers. 
There was no way to block them all. 
Inside the force field, the clash of metal rang out. 
Sparks flew between blades! 
“Your Excellency, don’t harm Alice!” 
At this moment, Charles II noticed the situation and hurriedly shouted. 
Five Temple Guards had already come to support against Lin Tian and his group. 
A king must be protected first, or the army would collapse. 
The cardinal, hearing this, circled behind Alice, who was desperately fending off the attackers in front. 
He then delivered a heavy slash! 
Even tenth-tier armor cracked under the blow, splitting open. 
It cut through her white skin, blood oozing out. 
Charles II panicked, wildly striking the force field with his royal sword, only to be repelled by his own strength. 
“Stop it! Alice isn’t evil! She can still be saved!” 
His mission, besides destroying the goblins and the Great Tomb, 
Most importantly, was to save and retrieve Alice. 
However, now the Church wanted her dead. 
The cardinal said helplessly, “Your Majesty! She can no longer turn back, just like me! We can only see this mistake through to the end! I’m sorry!” 
“Men, break this force field!” 
Charles II, enraged, immediately ordered all nearby soldiers to change their target. 
But this Holy Force Field, an ultimate level control magic, couldn’t even be broken by its caster. 
On the contrary, the more attack power it absorbed, the stronger it became. 
Unless one could generate enough force to blow the field apart. 
But that was highly unlikely. 
Charles II could only watch helplessly again as Alice was forced to endure one brutal sword strike after another, her body drenched in blood! 
Her armor was shattered beyond recognition. 
Alice panted heavily; within this short time, she had blocked thousands of heavy sword blows. 
Her hands were bruised and swollen beyond recognition. 
Her arms ached to the point where she could barely lift them. 
Any slight mistake, and she would die here. 
“Lord God, is my mission to end here?” Alice thought unwillingly. 
She had yet to exterminate those demons in the royal city. 
Suddenly, that sinister, raspy voice sounded again, “Little girl, you seem very tired. Why don’t you rest for a bit and leave the rest to me?” 
“Shut up, I won’t be tempted by you!” Alice resisted. 
Seeing her resolve still so firm, the Darkspawn’s eyes gleamed, “You misunderstand. I mean to lend you power. After all, if you die, I will fall into the hands of the Church and never again savor the pleasure of blood.” 
Hearing this, Alice hesitated slightly because if she didn’t find a way, she would die here. 
Resolutely, she said, “Then, do it!” 
“Been waiting for you to say that!” 
At this moment, the cardinal and his men saw Alice half-kneeling, covered in blood, and felt slightly relieved. “Alice, farewell!” 
Ferfis closed his eyes, raising his heavy sword high, ready to deliver a beheading blow. 
To minimize her suffering, he would send off this highly respected Sword Saintess. 
Charles II screamed in agony, “Stop! Alice, my child!” 
“Whoosh!” 
However, as the heavy sword slashed down! 
“Bang!” 
To everyone’s surprise, the heavy sword was deflected by a terrifying force, piercing through the force field! 
Half-embedded in the protective shield above. 
The cardinal’s expression changed drastically. That aura was increasing rapidly! 
He quickly ordered, “Stay away from her!” 
The Sword Saintess’s broken armor began to melt, forming a new set of black armor that covered her body! 
Moreover, it seemed alive, with vein-like patterns running across it. 
Her sapphire blue eyes turned bloodshot crimson. 
From her right hand, holding the sword, blackened cracks spread up to her neck and half of her face. 
She looked as terrifying as a demon. 
A crimson aura of blood surrounded her, reeking of blood and fear. 
“This is… Darkspawn!” The cardinal’s heart finally confirmed it, and he hurriedly commanded, “We must kill her immediately! Don’t let her escape this force field!” 
Alice smirked disdainfully. 
In the next second, she frantically attacked the force field. 
With hundreds of soldiers attacking from outside, the force field soon shattered completely! 
Facing so many Imperial soldiers, Alice stretched out her hand and summoned a crimson, black hole-like object. 
The blood of those Imperial soldiers was drawn out. 
Completely drained! 
“This is bad!” 
“Ultimate Magic·” 
“Cough!” 
The cardinal hurriedly tried to cast another spell but coughed up a mouthful of blood, exhausted from casting two ultimate spells in succession. 
However, he gritted his teeth and continued, “Ultimate Magic·Holy Retribution!” 
In the sky, clouds parted. 
A massive golden sword slowly emerged, friction igniting it with fierce flames! 
It plummeted rapidly towards Alice! 
The giant sword had the oppressive presence of a mountain! 
Imperial soldiers and goblins alike fled in a panic! 
“Your Excellency, you!” 
Ferfis was shocked that he would use such a move. 
It was tantamount to annihilating everything within a three hundred-meter radius, sparing only those strong enough to survive. 
The cardinal understood the gravity of the situation. “It may be too late! Hold her down! We can’t let her fully transform into the Darkspawn. If she releases the Darkspawn, the whole world will be doomed!” 
Everyone restrained their attacks as much as possible; otherwise, no one around would survive. 
They had to be cautious of their own people. 
But now, the friendly casualties seemed insignificant compared to the threat. 
Alice continued absorbing blood frantically, her black and red blood armor becoming more lifelike. 
The veins on the armor pulsed like muscles. 
It looked like an exoskeleton. 
This was the Darkspawn’s body, its flesh. 
It wanted to rebuild its body, escaping Alice’s control, and be reborn through this grand war! 
“Enough, if you keep this up, I’ll kill you first, understand?” Alice’s voice was cold, issuing a threat. 
The Darkspawn replied in a sly tone, “Just a bit more, or we won’t be able to win. Almost there.” 
“I said, enough!” Alice shouted. 
Her aura surged! 
A terrifying burst of blood energy erupted, sending dozens of bodies flying. 
Thus, the Darkspawn could only comply reluctantly, “Alright, alright, that’s enough. But first, deal with the thing above us. Use my power.” 
“Ultimate Sword Skill·Abyssal Blood Sea!” 
Alice aimed her ominous blade at the oppressive giant sword above, activating four red magic circles. 
An illusion of a blood sea appeared. 
It devoured the giant sword entirely! 
The cardinal was shocked, “Impossible! Four magic circles?! Quick, attack her together and kill her!” 
Ferfis retrieved his sword, leading a charge with several Temple Guards! 
… 
TL: Yeah guys, just ignore the royal and imperial discrepancies that pop up sometimes. Sometimes characters that suggest an empire show up but don’t even when they should. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 107: The Arrival of the World-Class Magical Paradise 
TL: Sungmin 
Alicenia looked at them with a cold expression, her eyes filled with evil and murderous intent. 
She stood calmly in place. 
Facing Ferfis and his group’s fierce offensive, she instantly obliterated the foremost Temple Guard with just a single move! 
The heavy sword was cleaved into two, and the heavy armor could not withstand the current sword force. 
As blood spurted from the headless corpse, it was all absorbed by Alicenia’s left hand. 
“Don’t act rashly. If we get caught alone, we’ll be killed in an instant. Use magic to wear her down!” 
The cardinal felt unprecedented pressure. 
Ferfis and the others began casting their spells. 
Several beams of intense holy light shot straight at Alicenia. 
However, Alicenia evaded each attack with the grace of a waltz! 
Those holy beams struck and shattered numerous goblins. 
But none of them felt any joy. 
The cardinal thought, perhaps the Pope needed to intervene; they had to eliminate this dark entity at all costs. 
Otherwise, the consequences would be dire. 
“Evil and ruthless humans, you want me dead?” 
Suddenly, in the mere 0.5 seconds the cardinal was lost in thought, Alicenia flashed to his front. 
Her mouth emitted the deep, raspy voice of a dark being. 
The cardinal hurriedly swung his sword but struck only air. 
Turning his head, he saw that another Temple Guard had been slain. 
Basking in blood, an aura of sinister beauty emanated from Alicenia, elegantly claiming the life and blood of everyone. 
The cardinal now found it impossible to cast high-level spells and had to engage in swordplay. 
He also ordered Ferfis and the others to regroup. 
“Even two fists can’t fight four hands. Let’s attack together! As long as one strike lands, the holy power will suppress her!” The cardinal commanded. 
The four of them started to fight side by side, swinging their swords wildly! 
However, Alicenia stood with her sword in one hand, easily parrying their four-blade strikes with a single hand! 
She didn’t retreat a single step! 
She even seemed at ease. 
This scene made the cardinal begin to tremble with fear, his pupils shaking. “What kind of swordsmanship is this?! Only Reinhardt from the Kingdom of Swords can achieve this level, right?” 
The Kingdom of Swords was the enemy nation of the Lionheart Empire, with frequent border conflicts. 
Their king, Reinhardt, was hailed as the Sword Saint of this era. 
Alicenia had been known as the Sword Saintess, meaning the Saintess who used a sword, not a Sword Saint. 
But Reinhardt was a true top-tier swordsman. 
“Reinhardt? Does he deserve to be compared to me?” 
The dark being’s voice was full of disdain and even anger. 
Compared to swordsmanship, the dark being was born on the battlefield and grew up in slaughter. 
He had ruled over human fears of the battlefield for centuries. 
How could a mere person who might have only lived for a few decades dare compare with him in swordsmanship? 
It was simply an insult. 
The cardinal said nothing more and continued his fierce assault. 
But in the next second, 
A cracking sound came from the Holy Cross Sword in his hand! 
A crack appeared on the blade. 
“Snap!” 
Alicenia seized this moment and struck forcefully, shattering the Holy Cross Sword completely, representing her resolve! 
“Cardinal!” 
Ferfis and the others were in disbelief, swinging their swords to rescue him. 
But after swinging their heavy swords for so long, they were exhausted. 
It was too late. 
“Slash!” 
An arm flew out, accompanied by blood! 
The hand still held half of the Holy Cross Sword. 
Ferfis and the others, now rushing forward, were seeking their own deaths.  
“Your movements are too slow, and your blood reeks of stench!” 
Alicenia easily dodged, thrusting her sword into his heart with one strike! 
Ferfis’s pupils were filled with disbelief, the golden light in them dimming. 
He staggered back a few steps before collapsing to the ground. 
“Ferfis!” The fallen cardinal cried out in pain. 
He gritted his teeth and immediately got up to escape! 
Alicenia gave him no chance, flashing over to kill him. 
The remaining two Temple Guards launched an attack, forcibly holding her back. 
But they were only courting death. 
“Cardinal, quickly notify His Holiness the Pope!” 
Blood gushed from the necks of the two Temple Guards as they struggled to speak. 
The three shared a mutual understanding. 
The cardinal’s thoughts were the same; they had to call on the Pope, or the situation would be uncontrollable! 
Seeing him disappear into the crowd, Alicenia prepared to give chase. 
But the dark being stopped her, saying, “Wait, we can’t handle that guy behind him.” 
“Alicenia, don’t chase.” 
At this moment, Lin Tian also came over to dissuade her. 
They had just dealt with those five Temple Guards. 
Only Gobu Kuang and Gobu Shan were slightly injured. 
Lin Tian expressed his concern, “Can you keep suppressing that guy? Your body is already overtaxed and needs healing.” 
Although the swordsmanship just now belonged to the dark being, she was the one who wielded it. 
Such rapid sword swings and power must have placed a tremendous burden on her body. 
“Don’t worry, there are still so many enemies left. What will we do if we encounter danger later? Don’t you think?” the dark being said in a sinister tone. 
Alicenia also understood the situation, trying to control the Ominous Blade to completely suppress the dark being’s body. 
But it had no effect. 
The dark being continued innocently, “Once the war ends, I will naturally disappear. Didn’t your texts mention that? We appear with war and vanish when it ends. So, I won’t be a threat.” 
Alicenia pondered for a moment, “He seems to make sense. The Pope hasn’t made a move yet. His power…” 
“The Pope isn’t on the same level as us. Ifreya, use Purification.” 
Lin Tian nudged the dazed Ifreya beside him. 
Immediately, he cast an ultimate spell, Purification Light. 
It enveloped the entire Alicenia. 
“Stop! This feels like falling into a pit of filth! Don’t you guys have any morals? I saved you, helped you!” The dark being’s voice was filled with anger and curses. 
But Lin Tian showed no intention of stopping. 
He just wanted to repress this guy. 
Helpless, the dark being temporarily retreated back into the Ominous Blade. 
He believed there would be another opportunity later. 
Returning to normal, Alicenia staggered and almost fell. Her hands were bloodied and her body too exhausted to stand. 
Lin Tian, now in his big variant form, gently supported her. 
“Hurry, heal her wounds.” 
Ifreya quickly complied. 
In the distance. 
Charles II watched this scene, unsure of what to say, “Alicenia…” 
He then looked at the battling armies. 
His heart felt very empty. 
Having never married and having no children, he had long considered Alicenia his daughter. 
Seeing Alicenia stabilized, he felt relieved. 
However, he sensed that the scale of this war had begun to tilt. 
They might very well lose the battle. 
“Buzz!” 
Suddenly, in an instant, everything seemed to stop; time itself appeared to freeze. 
Soldiers in mid-swing with their swords also paused. 
In the air, the splattered blood hung suspended. 
The entire world turned gray. 
“World-class Magic · Kingdom Come…” 
A beam of golden light shot into the sky, shattering the frozen world! 
Everyone recovered. 
But they were all stunned by the golden shield above their heads. 
It was so large it enveloped the entire battlefield, even covering the entire Laiyang Plain! 
It was like being in a new world! 
All they could see was the radiance from the shield. 
“Boss, what is this? It feels so uncomfortable,” Gobu Kuang couldn’t help but say. 
Even Lin Tian felt uneasy, very oppressed. 
The cardinal reappeared, his injuries healed, his severed hand reattached. 
With a look of cold triumph, he said, “Surrender. The Pope has initiated Kingdom Come. You have no chance of winning.” 
Kingdom Come could weaken all monsters within its range by one tier while boosting all holy beings by one tier. 
Lin Tian frowned deeply, not expecting that old man to make a move. 
Why hadn’t Veronica and the others acted yet? 
Suddenly, a piercing, tragic scream sounded nearby. 
A Black Goat Spawn fell heavily, killed by a swarm of monks and cross guards. 
The goblins on the front battlefield were also being wiped out. 
Imperial soldiers, along with monks and nuns, began a counterattack! 
Leader variants turned into hero variants, hero variants into big variants, and big variants into low-level goblins. 
Low-level goblin attributes were suppressed. 
How could they fight like this? 
Previously, imperial soldiers feared the leader variants, but now they chased them down. 
“Ifreya?! You! Are you still alive!” 
The cardinal stared at the person beside Lin Tian, recognizing her and exclaiming in shock. 
She was once the most outstanding nun, chosen as a divine priestess, with great talent, potentially succeeding the Holy Mother. 
Now she squatted like a dog before a goblin! 
Mixing with monsters! 
No, the cardinal suddenly realized something was wrong. 
Ifreya, full of fear, pleaded, “Save me, I was enslaved by the goblins, cardinal!” 
Lin Tian provocatively looked at the cardinal and publicly humiliated Ifreya a few times. 
Ifreya blushed, seemingly enjoying it. 
But to cooperate with Lin Tian, she made a show of resisting. 
The cardinal was instantly enraged, “Damn you! Stop it! I command you to stop!!!” 
A divine priestess being publicly toyed with by a goblin. 
What did this mean? 
Blasphemy! 
Sacrilege! 
Even though Ifreya was no longer a divine priestess, she had still been chosen. 
She was still a member of the church. 
Lin Tian sneered, “Look at her, lying through her teeth! She looks so comfortable. If I stop, will she curse me?” 
“Ultimate Magic · Hand of Judgment!” 
Suddenly, two magic circles appeared before the cardinal, summoning a giant golden hand that snatched Ifreya back. 
Several nuns hurried forward to check her condition. 
Seeing Ifreya unharmed, they were relieved. 
Lin Tian licked his lips, “So many cute, beautiful nuns. Today isn’t a loss. Be gentle, capture them alive. I’ll figure out a way to deal with that old man.” 
Then, Lin Tian transformed into an imperial soldier. 
He headed towards the rear of the army. 
Where the old Pope was. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 108: The Pope’s Terror, Lin Tian’s Serious Injury 
TL: Sungmin 
The cardinal finally smiled in relief, “It’s okay, Ifreya. His Holiness the Pope has taken action. We won’t lose!” 
Then, a fierce light appeared in his eyes! 
He glanced at Gobu Kuang and his group. 
“To die in the heavenly kingdom is your honor!” 
He raised his hand, ready to cast magic again. 
With the boost from Kingdom Come, dealing with them was now a piece of cake. 
He could even kill Gobu Kuang in an instant. 
Alice also felt troubled. 
“World-class Magic · Shield of Avalon!” 
Suddenly, Ifreya’s magic book flipped rapidly in her hands. 
Four magic arrays converged, emitting a blinding light toward the cardinal! 
They encased him directly in a hexagonal crystal shield. 
The cardinal was full of astonishment, “Ifreya, what are you doing? Let me out!” 
“It’s done!” 
Ifreya’s eyes were vacant, like a robot that had completed its task, and she swaggered back to Alice. 
She had never been able to use world-class magic because her level was not high enough—under level 100. 
But she was in the divine category. 
With the boost from Kingdom Come, she was granted the qualification to use it. 
Although its power was far from what a true level 100 could wield. 
It was still not something the cardinal could break through. 
Avalon was once an empire on this continent. 
Its most famous achievement was the creation of shields. Their shield-bearing troops had once achieved a legendary victory of zero casualties in the annihilation of a small nation. 
The king comprehended and created this magic. 
Later, it was learned by the Clin family. 
Allowing Ifreya to master it. 
The cardinal, unwilling to give up, punched the shield. 
After this punch, he immediately gave up resistance. 
He felt as if he had struck a towering mountain, utterly unshakeable. 
Just controlling him was enough, 
So Lin Tian left without worry. 
He disguised himself as an imperial soldier and ran to the enemy’s rear, soon seeing a hastily built altar. 
On top of it stood a figure radiating golden light, hands raised to the sky. The holy light soaring into the sky emanated from him. 
The Pope, ‘Douglas’. 
His cross holy robes fluttered without wind, and his eyes shone with a bright golden light! 
He looked like a god descending to the mortal realm. 
Majestic and divine! 
[Douglas; Lv100<br/>
Race: Human<br/>
Profession: Holy Pope<br/>
Titles: Supreme of Faith, Below the Gods, Light of the World…<br/>
Health: 3800<br/>
Strength: 1300<br/>
Defense: 1900<br/>
Skills: Kingdom Come, Collapse of All Realms, Ultimate Judgment, Light Blessing, Ascension…<br/>
Equipment: Cross Holy Robes, Endless Holy Grail<br/>
Overall: 10,000] 
“What the hell? What’s with these guys’ combat power? Just a bit more than Veronica, is it? To the point where it scared her into inaction!” Lin Tian felt both puzzled and irritated. 
He had intended to leave the rest to Veronica. 
But she hadn’t made a move after such a long wait, so he had to try it himself. 
He also wanted to gauge the Pope’s strength. 
Then he thought to himself, “Hmph, once this is over, see how I deal with you! Veronica, I’ll use your bones to make soup! And that seductive succubus too!” 
Letting him and his kin die irresponsibly like this. 
How could he not resent Veronica? 
“Your Holiness! I have something to report!” 
Lin Tian rushed up, kneeling before him and speaking anxiously. 
Feeling the holy light emanating from him, he almost couldn’t breathe, his whole body in discomfort. 
The Pope looked slightly surprised, his golden eyes fixed on Lin Tian, neither speaking nor looking away. 
It was quite unnerving. 
At this moment, a graceful nun approached gently, “Don’t be anxious, stand up and speak slowly.” 
Lin Tian’s eyes brightened at the sight of her. What was with this nun? The pristine holy robes gave him an urge to defile them. 
Good grief, good things were hidden here! 
But first, he needed to get down to business. 
With the life armor protecting him, theoretically, the Pope couldn’t kill him with a single blow. 
He just needed to wound the Pope with the Spear of Zeus stained with the Blood of Ruin. 
The possibility of this was quite high. 
So Lin Tian decided to take this risk. 
He then seriously explained the frontline situation, preparing to take out the Spear of Zeus from his space ring. 
“Move aside!” 
The old Pope lowered one hand, bursting forth a strong holy light! 
Like a cannonball, it blasted Lin Tian away at supersonic speed! 
The sound of the sonic boom could still be heard! 
The terrifying, unbelievable force sent Lin Tian flying away. 
He was thrown directly to the edge of Kingdom Come, thirty kilometers away, crashing heavily against the shield before falling to the ground. 
“My back… cough, cough…” 
On the ground, Lin Tian twisted like a worm, coughing up large amounts of blood. 
He felt like he was about to die. 
Everything hurt. 
It wasn’t just his hand that was broken; it felt like all his bones were shattered. 
The life armor on his chest had formed a thick, round shape, absorbing most of the damage. 
It had become shriveled and deflated, as if it were about to die. 
But even so, Lin Tian’s chest bones were all broken. 
He had severe internal injuries. 
His internal organs and brain seemed to be bleeding. 
“Damn, how is it this terrifying? I think I understand that Veronica now…” Lin Tian muttered. 
Just one casual attack had nearly killed him. 
No wonder only this pope survived for so long. 
He had scared the entire crypt into submission. 
Suddenly. 
The golden light before him began to dim. 
Dark clouds gathered in the sky, lightning flashed, and thunder roared, forming a massive vortex. 
Several black, giant magic arrays also appeared! 
It seemed something was about to emerge! 
The terrifying pressure made it hard for everyone to breathe! 
Then, a large, black, furry, wrinkled hand stretched out from the vortex! 
It blocked out the sky! 
The nails were pitch black, making it hard to tell if it was a humanoid creature or something else. 
It slammed heavily onto Kingdom Come. 
“Crack!” 
The deafening roar echoed as Kingdom Come was directly shattered! 
The church members had not anticipated such an event. 
The suppressed monsters regained their strength and began to counterattack! 
Lin Tian, still shaken, thought, “What kind of high-level combat is this? I don’t seem to have any qualification to compare…” 
“Thank you, little guy. We will now enter and lead your goblins to victory.” 
Behind him. 
A familiar, sinister voice spoke. 
It was Veronica, along with Rebecca. 
And behind them, a horde of fierce, terrifying monsters bared their fangs! 
Cerberus, Cyclops, Minotaurs, various monstrous beastmen, black witches, and many more! 
All incredibly powerful. 
Because of Lin Tian’s attack, though unsuccessful, it had distracted the old pope, weakening Kingdom Come. 
Veronica seized the opportunity to use her heretical summoning, calling forth the Hand of Calamity. 
Breaking it. 
Then, they prepared to enter and reap the rewards of victory. 
Lin Tian watched them leave, squinting with a cold expression. 
He thought, “What a clever plan. They seem to be guarding against me deeply, not even giving me treatment? Are they that afraid I’ll turn against them?” 
Since that was the case, they couldn’t blame him for biting back hard. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 109: The Power of the Twelve-Winged Seraph 
TL: Sungmin 
Rebecca, brushing past Lin Tian, only gave him a fleeting glance. 
Her gaze was filled with disdain and contempt. 
For them, Lin Tian was now just a pawn they could discard. 
They didn’t care about his life or death at all. 
“Hey, Demon Lord, I feel like I’m going to die. Can you heal me?” Lin Tian shouted from afar. 
Unfortunately, Veronica merely brushed him off, saying, “We need to enter quickly and press the attack. Stay still; someone will come to save you later.” 
Alright, alright. 
So, this was how they wanted to play. 
Murderous intent surged in Lin Tian’s eyes as he took out a world-class healing magical device. 
He healed himself sufficiently. 
Now it was time to bring out the Goblin army from the snowy plains. 
They wanted to reap the battlefield. 
He would reap them instead. 
At that moment. 
The Pope, with Kingdom Come interrupted, suffered a significant backlash and was being supported by the Holy Mother, gasping for breath. 
“From the first glance, I knew that guy wasn’t human. I didn’t expect Veronica to exploit this…”  
The Pope’s voice was hoarse, his aged appearance suggesting he might collapse at any moment. 
The Holy Mother hurriedly cast healing magic, but it was to no avail. 
At over a hundred years old, every spell he cast consumed his life force, which couldn’t be replenished. 
Moreover, healing magic essentially exhausted life force. 
Cells could only divide a limited number of times; once they stopped dividing and waste cells accumulated, a person would die. 
Thus, many people tried to avoid getting injured. 
Even with world-class healing magic, healing shortened one’s life. 
The old Pope sighed, “Don’t waste your magic. I never planned to go back alive. They’re coming…” 
In the distance. 
The terrifying dark power of the Enchanted Forest spread towards the battlefield! 
With every step Veronica and her group took, the surrounding sky lost its light, becoming extremely dim. 
“It’s been a long time, Douglas. I’ve missed you over these decades,” Veronica said mockingly. 
Rebecca still wore her arrogant expression, not taking anyone seriously. 
The creatures behind them grew increasingly restless. 
All the imperial soldiers, ordered by the cardinal, retreated behind the Pope and his group. 
With the destruction of Kingdom Come, Ifreya’s power waned significantly. 
World-class magic could no longer be maintained. 
Earlier, Lin Tian had instructed Gobu Kuang and the others to retreat with the goblins if Veronica and her group arrived. 
The old Pope, with a heavy and hateful expression, said, “Decades have passed, and you haven’t changed at all, Veronica…” 
“That only means your eyes are failing. My power is no longer the same as it was!”  
Veronica’s eyes flashed with a crimson light. 
Over the decades, several twelfth-tier creatures of her caliber had emerged. 
Sadly, many were killed by numerous Popes. 
Only she survived. 
The Pope sighed again, “What do you want? Why must you increase the slaughter?” 
“You increased the slaughter! I only wanted a piece of my former life, but you obstructed me time and again. Today, I’ll take it all back!”  
Veronica’s tone was icy, filled with resolve. 
No one starts out wanting to rule the world or a kingdom. 
She just wanted to experience life again, not dwell in the darkness with hideous creatures. 
But the Church’s doctrine of eradicating all monsters led to this outcome. 
Unlike Buddhism, which preached conversion and negotiation. 
Though Buddhists sometimes used demons as mounts, they didn’t provoke large-scale conflicts. 
Taoism emphasized balance between good and evil, yin and yang, with its own criteria for judging evil. If you weren’t evil, you could coexist. 
After all, no one chose their appearance at birth. 
Ultimately, it was the lofty authority of the gods that caused this. 
The old Pope tried to reason, “Life? But you are already dead. Staying in the Great Tomb is your life.” 
“Unreasonable! Attack!” Veronica, infuriated by his words, declared outright. 
Suddenly! 
A terrifying oppressive force against monsters surged! 
The old Pope radiated a dazzling light and said faintly, “World-class Magic: Holy Lake of Eden!” 
In the next second. 
The entire Laiyang Plain turned into a vast lake. 
Filled with pure holy water, the shimmering lake was lethal to monsters. 
Contact with it would burn and corrode their bodies. 
All the monsters began to sink into the Holy Lake, the pain unbearable when touched by the holy water. 
Let alone falling in. 
Gobu Kuang, filled with curiosity, found the forming lake beneath his feet clear and pure. 
It looked very drinkable. 
He reached out, ready to scoop some up and taste it. 
Alice shouted coldly, “Stop! I advise you not to touch it.” 
Goblin Slayer snapped, “You really are ignorant. If you drink that, your guts will rot.” 
“Damn!” 
These words shocked Gobu Kuang into silence. 
“Heretic Summoning: Hell’s Lava!” Veronica immediately retaliated. 
Several giant magic arrays formed under their feet, spreading across the entire Laiyang Plain, encompassing the Holy Lake’s range. 
Next, a vast amount of scorching lava appeared. 
When the lava met the holy water, it erupted in massive clouds of white smoke. 
The reaction between the water and lava turned into a large amount of obsidian. 
The monsters stood on the obsidian, unaffected by the holy water. Gobu Kuang’s trembling heart finally calmed down. 
The old Pope’s expression changed slightly, clearly not expecting this outcome. 
Things were more troublesome than anticipated. 
“Scared? Why not become my subordinate, like your son? At least you won’t die of old age. How about it?” 
Veronica taunted, pointing to the Corpse Pope beside her. 
Covered in corpse spots, he stood there lifelessly. 
He was once Douglas’s son. 
Otherwise, the entire church wouldn’t lack someone with power comparable to the Pope. 
The Corpse Pope was already dead; he moved only because a heretic creature controlled him. 
Thus, his power was very low, only 6,000. 
But if the control was lifted and he fully zombified, he could reach nearly 9,000. 
In that state, the Corpse Pope could use his original magic. 
However, he couldn’t think and would fall into indiscriminate slaughter. 
Veronica cast another spell, “Heretic Summoning: Dark Realm!” 
This spell targeted only her and the old Pope, pulling them into an alternate world, ensuring he couldn’t self-destruct and kill the other monsters. 
“It’s our turn now. Let’s wipe them all out!” 
Rebecca said coldly, transforming into a black and white meteor, weaving through the monks. 
Blood splattered! 
Her tail sting pierced the necks of over a dozen monks. 
The cardinal quickly cast a spell to trap her, “Damn succubus, enough!” 
He gathered super-tier magic, forming three magic arrays, “Crucifixion!” 
“Hehe~ Can you really bear to hurt me?” 
Rebecca laughed lightly, her charm overwhelming. 
Using her bewitching power, she made even the cardinal momentarily distracted. 
Let alone the other monks and imperial soldiers, who couldn’t move their legs, their minds consumed by lust, almost losing control on the spot. 
This was a powerful and qualified succubus. 
She didn’t need to fight herself; just one look could incapacitate others. 
In just two seconds of distraction. 
The golden cross attack missed, killing only a few hundred big goblins. 
“Damn succubus! I’ll never stop until you’re dead!” The cardinal gritted his teeth, his face red with anger. 
His manly pride was shattered, making him feel pathetic. 
He had lasted only two seconds! 
Rebecca laughed mockingly, “Haha? I made you feel good, yet you want to kill me? The church is full of murderous lunatics!” 
“This time, I won’t lose! Super-tier Magic: Holy Field!” 
“Super-tier Magic: Crucifixion!” 
“Boom!” 
Unable to dodge, this strike left Rebecca in a bad state, her black feathers scattering in the air. 
Blood trickled from her lips. 
She was surprised, “You… seem stronger?” 
“That’s thanks to you, putting me into sage mode!” 
The cardinal shamelessly said, never expecting to be so effective now. 
He could now repeatedly cast Crucifixion! 
He launched another attack! 
Suddenly, a cold light flashed, and Alice blocked the strike, standing in front of Rebecca. “He’s mine to kill. No need for you to intervene.” 
“Oh?” Rebecca looked at her curiously. 
She had been wary before but now felt a bit of admiration. 
Thus, they began a combined attack on the cardinal. 
Even in sage mode, he was overwhelmed and couldn’t fight back, “Damn! Holy Mother, I need to use that. We must eliminate this monster and Alice!” 
“Cardinal, hold on! The Pope isn’t out yet! Hang in there!” 
The Holy Mother shouted from the rear, healing the severely injured monks and holy knights. 
Many had their lifespans drastically shortened. 
But they all understood. 
The Pope was no longer a match for Veronica. 
The cardinal gritted his teeth, “Hurry!!! If I die now, I won’t even get a chance to fight!” 
“Ultimate Magic: Fiery Redemption!” 
A beam of holy light shot from the rear, striking the cardinal. 
It also forced Alice and Rebecca back. 
They watched him warily, unsure what was happening. 
Rebecca grew cautious, “Is this… angelic power? No, impossible…” 
“It’s the power of an angel, and not just any angel, but the power of a twelve-winged seraph. The user will be burned to ashes within ten minutes, but during that time, they gain immense power. That is redemption…” Alice said heavily, feeling the situation was dire. 
Even the Darkspawn were wary, “We should retreat. It’s only ten minutes, right?” 
But escaping wasn’t an option. 
In an instant! 
The cardinal, engulfed in holy fire, stood before them. 
Under the holy fire’s burning, Rebecca felt a fate worse than death! She could barely breathe! 
She was completely powerless to fight back. 
The sensation of death filled her mind! 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 110: Eden Will Avenge You! 
TL: Sungmin 
“I will transform into holy wrath and burn all the monsters to ashes!!!” 
The cardinal’s eyes were filled with pain, his entire body ablaze with holy fire. 
Enduring the excruciating pain, he delivered a powerful punch! 
He sent Rebecca flying dozens of meters away, her body ignited by the holy fire. 
Her clothes were burnt and tattered. 
The goblins and imperial soldiers who had been fighting just a second ago stopped in their tracks, collapsing to the ground in ecstasy. 
The effect of this was too widespread. 
Large groups of soldiers and monsters were entranced, losing themselves completely. 
The cardinal initially intended to eliminate him first, but seeing the effect, he thought it could relieve some pressure on the battlefield. 
It might prevent the soldiers from being massacred by the monsters. 
Thus, he set his sights on Alice instead. 
The holy fire did not affect Alice, but it significantly suppressed the power of the Ominous Blade. 
Now, it was as if she held an ordinary piece of iron, perhaps even less. 
Her attacks were ineffective against the cardinal. 
“I’m sorry, I couldn’t save you!” 
The cardinal, in anguish, sent Alice flying into the air with a few punches. 
He then activated a magic circle, “Super-tier Magic · Heavenly Fire Judgement…” 
This strike was enough to kill her, or at the very least, severely injure her. 
Alice, weightless in the high air, had no means of dodging. 
In the distance, Rebecca realized, “Damn! Are the church people so heartless? Even killing humans?” 
She couldn’t bear to see Alice die. 
She admired Alice the most, for both her strength and beauty, and their recent fight side by side. 
She had even fallen in love with her. 
One must understand, her relationship with Veronica was not just superior and subordinate. 
There was also a romantic aspect. 
The cardinal, however, did not hesitate at all. He didn’t have much time left and wanted to take down as many powerful enemies as possible before his death. 
“Roar!” 
Suddenly, a lion’s roar echoed. Charles II, with tears in his eyes, shouted, “Alice!!!” 
He knew well that the Lionheart Empire’s days were numbered, and resistance was futile. It was better to protect the one who always protected them before dying. 
He leaped into the air, using his flesh and blood to block the Heavenly Fire Judgement. 
The terrifying fireball instantly blew Charles II into pieces! 
He still had many things to say to Alice, but there was no chance now. 
The imperial soldiers, seeing this, were horrified, unable to accept it. 
“Your Majesty!!” 
The cardinal’s heart skipped a beat! 
He hadn’t anticipated this outcome! 
Behind the burning debris, Alice’s eyes were filled with hatred and remorse. 
She hated those who wanted her dead, but she didn’t hate Charles II. 
She even saw him as a father figure. 
And now, he died tragically before her eyes. 
“Why did it turn out like this? How many more mistakes do I have to make!” 
The cardinal knelt on the ground in agony, shouting in despair. 
Looking at his hands, he was filled with regret. 
Suddenly, he felt a chill down his back, sensing a strong threat approaching! 
Alice transformed once more into the Dark Ruler, with dragon wings sprouting from her back! 
She exuded an aura of supreme dominance! 
This time, she completely controlled the powers of the Dark Ruler and the dragon. 
“Tsk tsk tsk, things are getting interesting,” the Dark Ruler remarked. 
The cardinal, though filled with regret, knew he couldn’t die yet. He had to do something more. 
He threw out two more Heavenly Fire Judgements. 
“Swoosh swoosh swoosh!” 
But they were dispersed by a powerful Sword Qi, accompanied by a dragon’s roar. 
As the flames scattered, a sword appeared at the cardinal’s neck. 
Unable to react in time, his throat was slit, blood spurting out. 
“Damn, is my time up? I couldn’t dodge in time…” 
The cardinal muttered in surprise, not caring about his wound. 
He was about to die anyway. 
He raised his hand to cast another super-tier spell. 
“Slash!” 
A blade flashed. 
Both his arms fell to the ground with a thud! 
The cardinal gritted his teeth in pain, “How could this be! You…!” 
Before he could finish, a dagger pierced through his cheeks, silencing him. 
Then, his legs were cut off. 
He looked like a horrifying, inhuman creature. 
Alice, resembling a demon, stood before the cardinal, blood dripping from her sword. 
She lowered her head, her face darkened with lines of black. 
She neither spoke nor attacked. 
She just watched him die in agony, moment by moment. 
“Our emperor, our emperor is dead, killed by the church!!!” 
“Why, why, why!” 
“Lionheart in its twilight years. Farewell, Your Majesty. I will join you soon!” 
The news spread quickly among the imperial soldiers, their faces filled with grief and anger! 
In no time, they turned their fury towards the clergy, even if it meant killing them by mistake; they could not accept this! 
Charles II might not have been a powerful king, but he was certainly a worthy one!  
Great and selfless! 
How could they not hate the ones who killed him? 
At this moment, the monsters began a full-on assault! 
They forced the empire and church forces to retreat continuously until there was nowhere left to go! 
The cardinal’s mouth moved, blood constantly pouring out, but he insisted on speaking, “Alice, I didn’t mean to, forgive me! Forgive me!” 
Despite the dagger tearing his mouth apart, he begged earnestly. 
However, he could only die with regret. 
“Slash!” 
A flash of the blade. 
Head and body separated! 
Alice stood before the corpse, seemingly mourning Charles II. 
Her heart was now dead. 
Not intentional? Chasing her for so long, if it wasn’t intentional, what was it? 
Thus, her hatred for the church, the kingdom, and the imperial citizens reached its peak. 
Now, even Charles II had died because of those people. 
This only strengthened her resolve. 
“Are you Alice? Don’t worry, we will always be with you.” 
Rebecca slowly walked over at this moment. 
Her voluptuous body pressed closely against Alice. 
Trying to comfort her, this was the first step in forming a connection. 
As a succubus, she was actually a lesbian who had never done the typical succubus activities. 
In a sense, she was a disgrace to succubi. 
But Alice did not buy it, and instead, she coldly said, “Gobu Kuang, take the remaining hero variants and follow me. It’s time to occupy the capital!” 
She could not wait to trouble the capital’s residents. 
To make them pay for their sins. 
“Cerberus, you go along too. This battlefield is no longer a battlefield.” Rebecca instructed. 
She sent a group of monsters to follow Alice to the capital. 
Only then could it be proven that the Great Tomb had defeated the Lionheart Empire and the church. 
What remained were the imperial soldiers running in panic; their main forces were all dead, even the king. 
The church was also covering the retreat of the Holy Mother. 
This battle was unbearably tragic. 
Mainly with heavy casualties on the empire and church sides. 
At this moment, Veronica and the old Pope were still fighting in the dark realm. 
A burst of intense holy light exploded above the clouds! 
It forced all the monsters chasing the imperial soldiers to retreat. 
The old Pope returned to this world amidst the light, now radiating power beyond human capabilities. 
His eyes shone with golden light, holding a greatsword formed of light. 
Veronica smirked, “Already pushed to this point after such a short time?” 
The old Pope had used his last trump card, a world-class spell, Heavenly Descent. 
He established a link with the twelve-winged seraph Gabriel. 
Merging a trace of her consciousness and power within him, essentially inviting a deity. 
But it consumed all of the old Pope’s remaining strength. 
However, it was enough to kill Veronica. 
“Monster, are you ready to face judgment? Under my divine might, no heretic dares appear; you can’t summon anything!” 
A mature, authoritative female voice came from the old Pope’s mouth. 
Like thunder from the ninth heaven! 
The other monsters trembled in fear, curling up on the ground! 
They felt that standing up would be disrespectful and could lead to death at any moment. 
Veronica felt immense pressure but remained confident, “Douglas, is this your final trump card? Well, let me match it!” 
Saying this, she also began a heretical summoning. 
“It’s useless!” 
Gabriel sneered, raising the Sword of Judgment to strike. 
Suddenly, her expression changed, she withdrew her sword and retreated. 
Cautiously, she said, “Traitor of Eden, what does this have to do with you? Are you also getting involved?” 
“Kehehe~ I wasn’t interested, but they said it involved you, so why not come?” 
From Veronica’s body, the same aura as Gabriel’s burst forth. 
Her voice changed, sounding like a mad woman. 
It was the fallen angel Lucifer. 
Also a twelve-winged seraph. 
Unlike the old Pope’s invocation of Gabriel, Veronica had anticipated this. 
It didn’t require much effort. 
Lucifer willingly descended, because she hated angels and Eden. 
These two auras pressured both monsters and humans to the ground! 
Trembling, they dared not move. 
Gabriel was furious, “You traitor, why do you always oppose us!” 
“Because you framed me! I swore I would return to Eden and make you all beg at my feet!” Lucifer said angrily. 
At this moment, Gabriel was silent. 
She knew she was not a match for Lucifer, and the old Pope’s body couldn’t endure much more. 
Instead, she looked at the crowd, “People, Eden will never forget your suffering today! The Great Tomb, goblins, we will deal with you!” 
With that, the holy light from the heavens seemed severed. 
The old Pope also recovered, stumbling and nearly falling. 
He had killed several heretics in the dark realm, heavily injured, and establishing a link with Eden had exhausted his strength. 
The Holy Mother rushed to support him. 
“Quick, go to the Sword Kingdom, the holy light there never extinguishes. There’s also the Clover Kingdom and the Shamrock Kingdom, their churches can shelter you…” 
The old Pope spoke with difficulty, each word seeming to take his last breath. 
Finally, he closed his eyes, revealing ordinary brown pupils. 
In the end, he was once just an ordinary person, merely burdened with responsibility. 
… 
Shamrocks are 3-leafed clovers. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 111: Rebecca Exposed 
TL: Sungmin 
“Pope!” 
At this moment, it seemed that the holy light in everyone’s hearts extinguished. 
There was only endless darkness shrouded by monsters! 
A heavy sense of oppression and defeat weighed down on the people of the Empire and the Church, making even walking difficult. 
Veronica looked at the Pope’s corpse with great satisfaction. “No one can contend with me. No matter how powerful you once were, what does it matter now?” 
“The difference between the master and them is that the master still possesses a top-tier mind. I truly adore the master!” 
Rebecca wished she could give a tight hug. 
In her joy, Veronica glanced around and asked, “By the way, where is Alice? Only she is worthy to be my attendant. The value of these goblins is gone. If you want to vent, kill them at will.” 
Rebecca had endured Lin Tian for a long time. 
Now, she certainly had the chance to vent her anger. 
“I had her take the followers to occupy the royal city.” 
Rebecca explained, casually killing goblins who looked at her with lewd eyes. 
Any goblins within a ten-meter radius of her were slaughtered. 
She continued, “Goblins, these low-level creatures, the more I look at them, the more disgusting they become. Master, do we still need to keep Lin Tian? If not, I really want to twist his head off! He always gives me a stinky face, as if he’s somebody important!” 
“He can be a follower, but he is definitely not fit to be my attendant or servant.” Veronica pondered. 
Followers were equivalent to three-headed dogs or cyclopes. 
They were just servants meant for work and death. 
But she thought again and spoke, “However, if it makes you happy, killing him is also fine. There will always be someone to replace him.” 
Saying this, she noticed Rebecca’s expression and voice became slightly more coquettish. 
Yes, they indeed had a special relationship in private. 
Rebecca blushed slightly, “Master is so good to me. By then, let’s hang Lin Tian’s head in the Dark Temple.” 
Having endured for so long, she could finally act as she wished. 
She was the second-in-command of the Great Tomb, the close aide of the Bone King. 
She had already thought of countless ways to exact revenge. 
Veronica said nothing more. 
Instead, she looked at the Holy Mother, ready to end the war. 
“Ah? Your Highness the Holy Mother, why don’t you join our Great Tomb? I can give you a chance to try to win me over, how about that?” 
When she saw the gentle and lovely Holy Mother, radiating a glow of compassion. 
Veronica’s heart softened. 
She extended a skeletal hand from her high position, trying to pull her up from the ground. 
Beside her, Rebecca was obviously jealous, but thought better of it. Being able to add to the harem, she could also enjoy herself. 
And there was Alice, a sweet and fragrant human. 
Thinking further, it was almost too good to be true. 
Brutal, standing nearby, was stunned, “Damn, the boss’s harem is being taken over, where is he?” 
Looking at the two terrifying monsters. 
He could only helplessly hide far away. 
“Get away, you monsters! Is there nothing in your eyes but slaughter and lust?!” 
The Holy Mother knelt on the ground, crying helplessly. 
Veronica still tried to persuade her, “Don’t be like this, don’t you want to survive?” 
“Hmph, if I feared death, I wouldn’t be here! Kill me if you want!” 
The Holy Mother closed her beautiful eyes, resolute and unyielding. 
Veronica sighed, “Life is such a beautiful thing, yet the Evil God Cult brainwashed you like this. Do you know how much I cherish life?” 
“Since you don’t cherish your own life, don’t blame me for being ruthless. What a pity!” 
Veronica prepared to eliminate her completely. 
Suddenly, she hastily used summoning magic, “Heretical Summon · Caesar’s Disc Creature!” 
A black shield-like creature appeared, blocking the sneak attack from behind! 
This creature was killed in a single strike. 
All the monsters became alert. 
Rebecca looked at the attacker in surprise, “Corpse Pope? Impossible! Master, be careful!” 
The Corpse Pope launched another frenzied attack, golden magic circles appearing in the sky. 
“World-class Magic · Heaven’s Fall!” 
“Buzz!” 
A massive pressure swept across the Laiyang Plains. 
Many weaker goblins exploded into blood mist! 
Veronica quickly counterattacked, “Heretical Summon · Undead Mountain!” 
A towering mountain rose from the ground! 
It forcibly shattered the Corpse Pope’s magic circle. 
However, using Heretical Summon twice in a row made Veronica somewhat weak. 
She couldn’t help but say, “How is this possible? Where are the monsters controlling him? Why can you still use holy magic!” 
This was a corpse, part of the undead, equivalent to a monster. 
Even she found it unscientific. 
Very abnormal. 
“Why? Because I am Noklando, one of the Twelve Popes!” 
The voice of the Corpse Pope echoed. 
Veronica’s expression changed dramatically. “Your soul, wasn’t it in the depths of the Dark Realm?!” 
Decades ago, during the great battle, a heretical Dementor had been summoned and had taken Noklando’s soul. 
Unexpectedly, the soul had returned. 
“Hmph, it’s all thanks to my father, Pope Douglas, who brought my soul back from the Dark Realm!” the Corpse Pope coldly stated, his body slowly decaying. 
However, he now had absolute confidence in defeating Veronica. 
Because in his hand was the old Pope’s world-class magical artifact, the Endless Holy Grail. 
The ‘Endless Holy Grail’ could store a massive amount of holy power, which was why he, as a dead man, could still use world-class holy magic. 
In an instant! 
Triple Heaven’s Fall! 
The massive Undead Mountain was crushed and shattered! 
Countless monsters screamed and turned into blood water! 
Luckily, Gobu Kuang, Gobu Shan, and others had followed Alice to the royal city. 
But Brutal was not so fortunate. 
He was crushed until blood flowed from his seven orifices, and his muscles and bones twisted! 
Rebecca was also pressed to the point where she couldn’t breathe, her proud body trembling, and she hurriedly used her charm counterattack. 
However, it had no effect, as the opponent was now a corpse. 
Where would there be any lust? 
Veronica suddenly realized, having been careless, that bringing the old Pope into the Dark Realm had instead aided them. 
She gritted her teeth and said, “Why resist so pointlessly? You’re only harming this world!” 
The Corpse Pope’s eyes were full of disdain. “Before I turn to ashes, you will be crushed into dust first!” 
“Heretical Summon · Ulm, the Dominator of Eldritch!” 
On the foundation of Heaven’s Fall, five magic circles unfolded directly! 
Everything seemed to freeze. 
Thick clouds were parted by an invisible force. 
The twilight sun shone on the ground, with the blood on countless corpses reflecting the light brilliantly. 
Strange yet beautiful. 
A giant black silhouette appeared before the setting sun, like a descending god! 
With a gentle wave, the Triple Heaven’s Fall shattered! 
This was a god among heresies. 
The Corpse Pope had not expected this; the terrifying oppression was unprecedented! 
Compared to him, Veronica was nothing. 
If such a monster appeared, everything would be over. 
Immediately. 
Veronica forcibly closed the magic circle, but the black silhouette extended a hand to block it, though his eyes were unseen, it felt as if he were observing the world. 
Full of curiosity, an evil curiosity! 
“Damn it!” 
Veronica cursed silently, “It’s all your fault for opposing me. Now this world has attracted the attention of an Eldritch God!” 
She had never intended to use this magic. 
Not only was it hugely consuming, but it also attracted terrifying creatures from other worlds. If they forcibly broke in. 
Even she couldn’t imagine what would happen. 
Fortunately, under the pressure of the magic circle, the black silhouette was forced back. 
The Corpse Pope’s expression was heavy. “You madmen, the world will be destroyed by you sooner or later… God, bring down your gospel, save us all…” 
As he spoke, his body began to crumble, decomposing rapidly like grains of sand. 
Eventually, it was blown away by the wind. 
“Damn, the power of the Eldritch God is terrifying. Help me up, Rebecca.” Veronica trembled, finding it difficult to move. 
After all, that was a true God. 
Summoning it nearly drained her to the marrow. 
Rebecca hurriedly supported her, “It’s alright, Master. We have already won. You can return to your former life. We, and Alice, can live happily together.” 
Around them, only a few creatures remained alive. 
Most of the goblins had been wiped out by Heaven’s Fall, and there were no survivors from the Empire. 
Twisted corpses littered the field. 
The entire Laiyang Plains were filled with the pungent smell of blood. 
Only a few hero variants and cross guards survived. 
But those who survived were half-dead, lacking any combat power. 
Even the Black Goat Spawn had fallen unresponsive to the ground. 
“After enduring for decades, what does it matter how strong the Church is or how much they restrain us monsters? They still lost…” Veronica exclaimed excitedly. 
The Church of the once mighty Lionheart Empire had been the strongest among many Catholic churches. 
Now, it had been dismantled by her. 
At this moment, a familiar figure came running, respectful and excited, “Master Demon Lord, did you win? That’s great, hahaha!” 
It was Lin Tian. 
Behind him were a large group of goblins. 
He had previously requested Veronica to set up teleportation magic circles in various areas for his management convenience. 
Except for the one leading to the Great Tomb, he could use the other magic circles at will. 
So he had directly transported the goblin army from the snowy plains. 
Veronica’s expression shifted slightly, “You recovered from your injuries so quickly? And what’s with those goblins?” 
Rebecca’s face was full of disdain. If she weren’t supporting the Bone King, she would have already moved to teach him a lesson. 
Lin Tian explained with a grin, “I was only lightly injured. They are all here to help.” 
Help? 
Veronica’s expression became serious. 
The thousand goblins before her were all leader variants! 
She had been paying attention to the consumption of monster resources in the Great Tomb, which shouldn’t have been enough to cultivate so many leader variant goblins. 
“Master, don’t waste time talking to him. Since there are so many leaders, let’s take them all as followers. We just need to kill him,” Rebecca finally said. 
If Lin Tian was killed, these leader variants would lose their boss. 
Then they would willingly join the Great Tomb. 
Upon hearing this, Lin Tian’s face darkened. This damn succubus, finally revealing her true nature? 
But today, he would make them both wish they were dead! 
Now was the best time to act and reap the fruits of victory. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 112: Begin, Reaping the Final Fruits! 
TL: Sungmin 
“You didn’t appreciate my kindness before, took me for a fool? Now I’ll show you who I really am!” 
Rebecca made a move to attack. 
Her slender tail transformed into a sharp stinger! 
The air whistled as it sped towards Lin Tian’s stomach! 
She didn’t aim for a lethal strike; otherwise, it would have been aimed at his head. 
“Crack!” 
However, only the sound of bones breaking could be heard, and Rebecca writhed in pain on the spot. 
“My tail… what is so hard?!” 
Her heart-shaped stinger had bent. 
Lin Tian was covered in a layer of writhing, jet-black armor that seemed almost alive. 
Rebecca grew wary, “What is this?!” 
Veronica immediately sensed something was wrong, “Be careful, that armor he’s wearing is world-class! This guy!” 
“As expected of the Demon Lord, with such keen insight. I’ll give you both a chance: if you sign a contract to sell your souls to me, I can spare…” Lin Tian started. 
Suddenly, a severely injured figure from afar spoke, “Boss, these two took your harem. Didn’t you say you wanted to take that Holy Mother away…” 
Hearing this, Lin Tian’s face darkened, “In that case, there’s no chance for you. I’ll cripple you and then keep you.” 
With that, he prepared to strike. 
Rebecca scoffed, “A mere goblin, so what if you have world-class defensive magic gear?” 
She pulled out two black daggers. 
“Madam, take a rest, I’ll handle them.” Rebecca said, brimming with killing intent and confidence. 
After all, her overall combat power was over 7,000. 
But Lin Tian also had nearly 7,000 now, completely unafraid. 
He had also learned combat techniques from Alice. 
He didn’t even need to counterattack and could easily dodge all of Rebecca’s attacks. 
“Hmph, all you can do is dodge?” 
Rebecca sneered, thinking she had him cornered. 
But suddenly. 
Lin Tian stood still, slowly pulling out the Spear of Zeus, “Alright, I won’t dodge.” 
He raised the spear to block the incoming daggers. 
Seeing this, Veronica shouted, “Run!” 
However, it was too late. 
Powerful lightning surrounded Lin Tian, crackling loudly! 
The strong electric current swept towards Rebecca, weakening her demonic essence. 
It wasn’t over yet! 
Dark clouds gathered in the sky, and a thick bolt of lightning struck down! 
The thunder was deafening! 
The white lightning burst forth, blinding everyone. 
Next, Rebecca lay powerless on the ground, her once fair skin now gray and dirty from the lightning. 
There was also the smell of burnt hair. 
Every hair on her body was singed and curled. 
Still, Lin Tian prepared for another strike, intending to paralyze her completely, so he could unlock the succubus illustration. 
To enhance his strength. 
And to capture her until she no longer dared to look down on goblins. 
As Lin Tian gathered energy, Rebecca regained consciousness and used a super-tier charm spell, “I won’t forgive you! Goblin!!!” 
A giant heart hit Lin Tian. 
Rebecca also emitted a pink aura, like flower spores, spreading in the air. 
Any male who inhaled it would become her puppet. 
Let alone Lin Tian, who took the direct hit. 
“Unfortunately, I haven’t had any desires of that kind recently.” 
Lin Tian’s mouth curled into a bitter smile. 
He ruthlessly struck with lightning again! 
“Ahhh~~!” 
Rebecca’s skeleton became visible from the electric shock. 
Finally, she lay paralyzed and compliant on the ground, unable to move, her minimal clothing turned to black ash. 
Luckily, there was no wind, or it would have blown away. 
Veronica was in disbelief, “How could you, and why aren’t those goblins affected by the charm?! Aren’t goblins the most disgusting, with only lust in their brains?” 
This defied her understanding. 
It was completely unscientific. 
Lin Tian sighed, “I’m unaffected for reasons unrelated to you. As for them? Controlled creatures have no desires.” 
They were controlled by Goblin Slayer’s royal blood, mindlessly loyal to Lin Tian. 
Even if Rebecca stood naked in front of them, it wouldn’t matter. 
Their brains were not under their own control. 
As for Lin Tian. 
He recently discovered he had a small problem. 
The epic battle in the Dwarf Kingdom left deeper scars than he imagined. 
He thought two months of rest would be enough. 
But when he realized he had the thought and feeling but couldn’t stand up, he understood the severity. 
He was impotent. 
However, it wasn’t a big problem; he could always find another creature’s kidney to fuse and recover. 
Anticipating a battle with Rebecca, he hadn’t done so yet. 
Otherwise, he would have been at Rebecca’s mercy by now. 
“You’re a real man; you have my respect! But, you picked the wrong opponent… Heretical Summon: Death Knight Army!” 
Veronica gritted her teeth, expending a massive amount of mana. 
A huge magic circle formed beneath her feet, from which emerged hundreds of giant skeleton warriors clad in tattered armor! 
They wielded shields and longswords, emanating dark energy! 
[Death Knight: Lv95<br/>
Race: Undead<br/>
Profession: Knight<br/>
Title: Death Knight, Dark Follower, Sleepless Killer…<br/>
Health: 3000<br/>
Strength: 800<br/>
Defense: 1200<br/>
Skills: None<br/>
Equipment: Rusty Shield, Rusty Sword<br/>
Overall: 5000] 
Lin Tian frowned slightly. Each one was four or five meters tall and had nearly 5,000 strength! 
And there were hundreds of them! 
This was too terrifying! 
But seeing Veronica weakly half-kneeling on the ground showed she had gone all out. 
Although the goblin leaders’ overall strength was only 4,000. 
Their advantage was in numbers, and they all had magical equipment. 
With coordination, they could still defeat these hundreds of Death Knights. 
“Spread out! Use the magic equipment to wear them down!” Lin Tian commanded. 
The numerous goblins dispersed, surrounding the Death Knight army. 
They began attacking with their magical equipment. 
Most of the equipment had long-range effects and immense power! 
A single strike could shatter the bones of these Death Knights, though not completely break them apart. 
But the Death Knights had strong attributes, and their innate combat skills were not inferior to those of the goblins. 
Soon, some goblins were killed. 
“Slash!” 
Suddenly, a longsword came slashing, shattering an Death Knight into pieces. 
It absorbed the black magic energy surrounding it. 
It was Gobu Jian, the overlord-level goblin, clad in black armor and wielding a black greatsword inscribed with strange runes. 
A world-class magic weapon, the Demon Sealing Sword. 
For magic-reliant creatures or attacks, it was a natural nemesis. 
The Demon Sealing Sword could greatly absorb magic power. 
Facing several Death Knights surrounding him, Gobu Jian remained calm, using the techniques taught by Alice. 
He leaped several meters high. 
He struck down on an Death Knight’s head with great force. 
The Demon Sealing Sword’s ability activated, draining all the magic power from them. 
“Crack!” 
The giant skeleton crumbled instantly. 
It could also release the absorbed magic power. 
The power contained in several Death Knights was enough to kill one on the spot. 
Lin Tian couldn’t help but praise, “Well done.” 
“It’s thanks to you and Lady Alice’s excellent teaching.” Gobu Jian said humbly. 
He didn’t dare to steal the spotlight; after all, Alice had taught him that a swordsman should be humble. 
Though Alice herself wasn’t, she often instructed other swordsmen to be humble, lest they suffer her wrath. 
Watching the goblins coordinate and quickly destroy the Death Knights, Veronica panicked. She struggled to open a portal to escape with the unconscious Rebecca. 
Seeing this, the Holy Mother got up from the ground, her expression resolute, “I won’t let you escape! High-tier Magic: Divine Might!” 
“Buzz!!” 
A golden light exploded in the surrounding space, with no special effects. 
But it prohibited any teleportation magic in this area. 
Despite being a high-tier spell, it put Veronica and her allies in mortal danger. 
“You! Why are you doing this? I didn’t kill you!” 
Veronica was furious but helpless. 
Her strongest ability was Heretical Summon. 
Now, with no mana left, she was like a wizard out of spells. 
How could she fight with ordinary attacks? 
Weapons? Her staff had no offensive capabilities, only enhancing magic. 
The Holy Mother laughed, “I don’t know why you turned on each other, but helping him is better than helping you, isn’t it?” 
She didn’t need to guess to know who the goblin leading thousands of leaders was. 
The root of all evil. 
The goblin who completely changed Alice. 
As the Holy Mother, she would rather see Alice living with this goblin. 
She didn’t want to see Veronica succeed. 
Lin Tian and his group annihilated all the Death Knights. 
Although there were some losses, they damaged over a hundred pieces of tenth-tier magical equipment and lost over two hundred goblins. 
After all, the Death Knights’ swords were seven or eight meters long and could kill a goblin in one blow. 
Then, Lin Tian turned around coldly, “Stop running, Demon Lord. Do you know why I willingly walked into your trap? I was waiting for today!” 
If he hadn’t nurtured these goblins, he couldn’t have managed it alone. 
It was sheer luck that the Corpse Pope had greatly exhausted her. 
Otherwise, even with Alice and the others, plus these goblins, they’d face Rebecca and the Corpse Pope in peak condition. 
The odds would be slim. 
Who knew the old Pope was so weak? He thought it would be a fifty-fifty fight. 
After all, Veronica’s previous signs showed she was terribly afraid. 
“I underestimated you, goblin. Secretly building power, what are you planning?” Veronica said with mixed emotions. 
And helplessness. 
At this point, she couldn’t use Heretical Summon again. 
Rebecca’s combat power wasn’t high, and she was a support type. The other demon subordinates were taken to the royal city. 
Now, it was a dead end. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 113: The Cunning Veronica 
TL: Sungmin 
Even the Holy Mother was convinced, saying, “No wonder, I finally understand why Alice acted that way, and even Veronica was forced to this extent by you. 
Oh God, what kind of goblin is this? It even took the Divine Priestess Ifreya from Your hands…” 
With that thought, she gave up on resisting. 
She decided to perish along with the church. 
At least, the culprit behind Veronica’s Great Tomb would also cease to exist. 
“I don’t want to do anything, just to take this victory,” Lin Tian said coldly. 
The Lionheart Empire was a massive resource. 
Not to mention countless minerals, the total population of the entire country was over two million! 
Over two million! Excluding men, the elderly, and children. 
There would be at least five hundred thousand women. 
He couldn’t imagine how many goblins could be bred this time. 
With an average of three per birth, at the very least. 
That would be one and a half million low-level goblins in one go. 
In two months, it would be three million. 
There was no need to spend anything to raise them. As soon as they reached adulthood, they would be sent to attack cities. One and a half million goblins, even without weapons and armor, would be enough to severely damage an empire! 
They could destroy an empire in two or three months. 
So, to establish a foothold in this world, to no longer hide, to meet people openly. 
To sit at the same table with those imperial kings and demi-human leaders! 
He had to conquer the Lionheart Empire. 
Veronica understood and quickly said, “I have no interest in the Lionheart Empire, only a grudge against the church. I just want to live simply in a human city, how about that? If there’s an invasion, I can even help you.” 
“Well said, but do you think I would trust you?” Lin Tian said with disdain. 
Letting her go now would be like releasing a tiger back into the mountains. 
If she used her heretical summoning twice in a row, he would be done for. 
Not to mention the many powerful demonic followers she had. 
Veronica was also helpless. “Then what do you think would make you trust me? I can’t summon a soul contract right now.” 
She could summon the ferryman to complete a soul contract. 
But where would she find so much magic power? 
Lin Tian sighed. “So, you should just die. However, your death may not be quick.” 
Of course, he wouldn’t supply her with magic power to summon the ferryman. 
What if she summoned something else? That would be disastrous. 
Moreover, considering how Veronica had used him before, Lin Tian planned to take his revenge. 
“Don’t push me too far. I am still the master of the Great Tomb. If there’s nothing to say, then kill me!” Veronica, with her skeletal pride, said. 
She looked at Rebecca, “But I hope you can spare her. Considering her perfect body, you can slowly enjoy it, can’t you? As long as she stays alive.” 
At that moment. 
Veronica was ready to face death. 
She understood what the black witch meant by the birth of a new god. 
It was this goblin! 
An underestimated, historically most terrifying goblin! The most terrifying monster! 
A monster that took the Divine Priestess from God’s hands. 
Lin Tian thought for a moment, “Don’t worry, I’ll make sure she looks good. So, please die.” 
He pulled out the Spear of Zeus. 
“After all these years, am I finally going to die? That’s good too,” Veronica’s red light in her skull began to dim. 
Thinking about reincarnation as a human, she didn’t find it frightening. 
After all, there were beliefs in reincarnation in foreign lands too. 
Lin Tian started charging his lightning. 
There was no mercy, and he didn’t dare to show any. 
But suddenly! 
Veronica pleaded, “Wait, I don’t want to die yet. Can you think of a way to spare me? It’s really hateful that I don’t have a body, otherwise…” 
At that moment, even she, a lily, thought about using her body to survive. 
But she didn’t have that. 
She could only beg Lin Tian to reconsider. 
She didn’t want to die; she wanted to live. There were still many things she hadn’t done. 
When facing death, even the most stubborn people would fear. 
Unless they had an iron faith. 
But monsters had no faith. 
“You are truly interesting. Let me think about how to spare you?” Lin Tian found it amusing. 
Usually, it’s the one pleading who thinks of ways to be spared. 
Now, he had to think of ways to spare his enemy. 
In a panic, Veronica removed her cloak. 
Revealing her body completely, leaving nothing to the imagination! 
It was too explicit. 
This content couldn’t be broadcast. 
It was just a bunch of bones. 
However, seeing Veronica’s shy appearance, and those pinkish bones, 
Lin Tian couldn’t help but swallow. 
This guy. 
She was practically born with seductive bones. 
Believe it or not, some people have this kind of allure that just looking at their silhouette can make your heart race. 
When Veronica had flesh, she must have been top-notch. 
“Oh my, what is all this, is the world of monsters so chaotic?” 
Next to him, the Holy Mother couldn’t help but cover her eyes, her face flushed with embarrassment. 
Even though there was nothing to see, she inexplicably felt this was too racy. 
“So, do you have any interest at all?” Veronica whispered, not daring to be sure. 
After all, who would be interested in a pile of bones? 
Lin Tian coughed twice, “I do appreciate you, but that’s not a reason to let you go. If you recover your magic power and leave, I’d be the one to die.” 
Veronica, looking unconvinced, said, “Compared to her? If I had flesh, I wouldn’t be worse than her! Look!” 
She walked up to the Holy Mother, pushing her and comparing their figures. 
Lin Tian certainly appreciated the Holy Mother’s loving and divine demeanor and body more. 
At that moment, 
The Holy Mother felt a wave of embarrassment and shyness. 
She was actually being used as a comparison tool for the goblin, right here. 
How embarrassing. 
She quickly turned around, trying to calm her mind. 
Lin Tian was also absorbed in her shy and flustered demeanor. 
Internally, he still decided to deal with Veronica. 
After all, she was useless to him; he couldn’t control her, and she had no flesh. 
“Teleportation magic!” 
Suddenly! 
A magic circle appeared under Veronica’s feet. She quickly grabbed Rebecca’s hand. 
In the next second, the two of them disappeared from the spot. 
“Damn it!” 
Lin Tian cursed inwardly, wanting to chase after them but having nowhere to go. 
This was a disaster! 
The Holy Mother said despairingly, “She did this on purpose, making it impossible for me to maintain the Divine Might skill, escaping through a loophole, truly too…” 
Lin Tian’s expression was heavy; he hadn’t anticipated this outcome at all. 
That woman was indeed very difficult to deal with. 
He had underestimated her. 
He had focused solely on her powerful strength, forgetting how cunning she was! 
After all, she had endured for decades and even set traps to deal with the church. 
What had just happened was nothing to her! 
“Goblin… I won’t spare you!!!” 
In the dark sanctuary of the Great Tomb, Veronica’s cold and furious voice shouted. 
The entire Enchanted Forest trembled! 
Gobu Jian said gravely, “Boss, what should we do? Should we immediately hunt her down?” 
“It’s too late. If we go to the Great Tomb now, she has already recovered much of her power.” 
Lin Tian was full of regret, not expecting himself to make such a mistake. 
Now, the battlefield victory was harvested. 
But whether they could digest it, whether they had the life to enjoy it, was another matter. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 114: Their Styles Seemed Misaligned 
TL: Sungmin 
“I can help you!” 
At this moment, the resolute voice of the Holy Mother rang out. 
She had no reason to go on living. The corpses of church members surrounded her; even the Pope was dead. 
The cardinal had also perished in the flames of faith. 
Lin Tian’s expression changed slightly as he scrutinized her. “Help? How can you help?” 
He then checked her abilities. 
[Katheryn: Lv99<br/>
Race: Human<br/>
Profession: Holy Mother of Healing Light<br/>
Title: Embodiment of Kindness, Mother of All, Benevolent to All…<br/>
Health: 3100<br/>
Strength: 900<br/>
Defense: 1000<br/>
Skills: Sacred Coordinate, Song of Eden, Redemption of Heaven, Light’s Protection…<br/>
Equipment: Holy Robe, Magic Stone of Light<br/>
Overall: 6500] 
Very weak. 
These were the only two words in Lin Tian’s mind. The Holy Mother was supposed to be on par with the Pope. 
After all, according to legend, Jesus was born of the Holy Mother. 
But in the Holy Church, the position of the Holy Mother was equivalent to support. 
In terms of combat power, she was far inferior to the Pope. 
“I can take you to the Great Tomb immediately, but as a condition, you must defeat Veronica. Otherwise, how can our church members rest in peace?” 
Looking at the many church members who had died in vain, 
The Holy Mother Katheryn’s face was full of tears. 
Heartache, unwillingness. 
She hated her own weak combat power. 
But Lin Tian before her could be used. 
Lin Tian couldn’t help but become interested and quickly asked, “Then what are we waiting for? I never planned to let that person live.” 
Speaking of Rebecca, she could be kept for entertainment. 
But Veronica, pure bones, had nothing to play with. 
The key was that she had lived for who knows how many years, and was a cunning and insidious person. 
He wouldn’t let a tiger grow into a danger and had no confidence in taming such a monster. 
If it needed to be killed, it had to be killed. 
Otherwise, the consequences would be endless. 
If it were a being of flesh and blood, he might let her live for two more days, just to educate her harshly. 
Immediately, 
Katheryn picked up the world-class magic tool, the Endless Holy Grail, from the ground. It still contained a lot of holy magic power. 
She said solemnly, “The magic power in here, combined with my remaining magic power, is only enough for one transmission. If we don’t defeat her, there will be no chance to escape, understand?” 
Upon hearing this, 
Lin Tian’s expression became serious. 
He then decisively said, “There’s still time, hurry and take us there.” 
“World-class Magic · Sacred Coordinate!” 
“Shua!” 
Katheryn forcefully used the world-class magic. A burst of golden light shot up from the Holy Grail! 
The wind and clouds stirred. 
Under the night sky, it was as magnificent and shocking as the sun! 
The pitch-black Great Tomb and the Enchanted Forest, for the first time in decades, were illuminated at night! 
Katheryn herself became radiant and dazzling, as holy as an angelic deity. 
Above the dome, a pair of giant golden eyes were watching over the continent! 
At this moment, she was searching for the coordinates of the Great Tomb. 
Once confirmed, she could teleport directly. 
This skill had a major drawback; it required a huge amount of magic power and time to use. 
But it was enough to leave those goblins gaping in awe! 
Even Lin Tian couldn’t help but marvel, “Damn, magic tools can never compare to the effects brought by skills.” 
No matter how many world-class magic tools one had, they couldn’t compare to magical skills. 
They could only be used as auxiliary items. 
“Coordinates confirmed. Everyone, come close to me!” Katheryn hurriedly said. 
Thousands of goblins quickly gathered around. 
“Buzz!” 
Intense holy light engulfed all the goblins! 
Causing unbearable pain to the monsters. 
Lin Tian frowned, “Are you trying to trick us into killing us?!” 
“Holy light naturally harms you. Bear with it, I’ll heal you all later.” Katheryn said. 
Leading everyone, they ascended to the sky like an ascension! 
They turned into a beam of light and arrived outside the Great Tomb. 
… 
In the deepest dark sanctuary, Veronica was adjusting potions, trying to recover her state quickly. 
Rebecca had also woken up but was seriously injured and unable to move. 
They didn’t have healing skills, so they had to recover slowly or use potions. 
“That damn goblin, I didn’t expect him to hide so deeply! I won’t let him go!” Veronica said angrily. 
She had never felt so humiliated before! Never! 
Even the last time, when she was somewhat embarrassed, it was under the siege of twelve popes. 
But this time? 
She was forced to resort to a striptease to buy time and find an opportunity. 
Though there was nothing to reveal, her inner dignity was completely shattered. 
She was unwilling to accept this and planned to immediately kill Lin Tian once she recovered. 
However, 
Rebecca was also indignant. “He actually resisted my charm. When I get my hands on him, I’ll make him a dog, crawling on the ground and eating the Cerberus’s shit every day!” 
“But, that weapon was very peculiar, the released electric current felt…felt very…” 
Rebecca felt the paralysis throughout her body. 
It was an unprecedented pleasure. 
She closed her eyes, reminiscing about the sensation of the electric current coursing through her body, released from every pore. 
Veronica handed her a new cloak dress. “Don’t worry, he won’t live past tonight. I will reclaim everything that is ours.” 
Her anger flared up more and more as she thought about it. 
But suddenly, 
Her expression changed. “Someone’s coming, and it’s a church member!” 
The powerful holy energy was unmistakable. 
“Church? But weren’t all the church members killed?” 
Rebecca finally managed to stand up after using a recovery potion, her face full of shock. 
Veronica couldn’t believe it and sped up her preparation of the magic potion. 
Because she had first made a recovery potion for Rebecca out of pity, 
Now, it was a loss. 
“Boom!” 
A thunderbolt shattered the layers of the dark sanctuary! 
The Spear of Zeus suddenly struck the bottom, embedding itself in the stone slab, surging with white-blue lightning! 
Rebecca felt inexplicably scared. “Impossible! Is that…that goblin?!” 
Veronica’s heart sank. “Quick, take me away!” 
At least Rebecca could use teleportation magic. 
But the next second, 
A burst of holy light exploded, enveloping the entire Great Tomb fortress. 
“Divine Might!” 
With Lin Tian’s support, Katheryn arrived at the bottom layer of the dark sanctuary. 
Using the last bit of her magic power, she released a skill. 
She sealed off the area. 
Veronica was dumbfounded. “A goblin? Katheryn!? The church members are actually collaborating with goblins? This is the funniest thing I’ve heard in centuries!” 
“Go ahead and laugh. We’re just cooperating to resolve the issues between the church and the Great Tomb!” The Holy Mother Katheryn said solemnly. 
Before her death, she at least wanted to settle the grudge between the church and the Great Tomb. 
As for the goblin disaster, it was left to fate. 
Rebecca stood in front of everyone. “My Lord, you go ahead. I’ll hold them off.” 
“No, you hang on!” 
Veronica quickly prepared the magic potion from behind. 
Lin Tian’s face was dark, and he gave a signal. 
Gobu Jian and his team rushed forward and pinned her down. 
Then they overturned the alchemy table. 
Using the Demon Sealing Sword, they drained the last bit of magic from Veronica. 
“You! You goblins are too ruthless!” 
Veronica was filled with hatred. 
Now, there was no hope of resistance. 
Lin Tian laughed coldly. “Ruthless? Who told you I’m just a weak goblin? Who told you not to see me as a person from the start?” 
“I…” 
Veronica was momentarily speechless, but it was too late to regret. 
Her biggest mistake was underestimating this goblin. 
She even thought she could control him as a pawn, but it backfired. 
Suddenly, 
Two daggers lunged at Lin Tian. 
“Zzzz!” 
The sound of electric currents surged. 
Rebecca fell to the ground stiff, twitching a few times, and groaned, “Ah, ah, ah…you damn goblin…if you dare, don’t use that weapon.” 
“Oh? You’re trying to negotiate with me?” 
Lin Tian grinned maliciously, venting his pent-up resentment! 
This person, he had long wanted to punish severely. 
Monsters feared divine lightning the most, so it was easy to subdue Rebecca. 
After all, she was just support and hadn’t fully recovered her strength. 
Veronica, as a monster, had only learned high-level recovery potions by chance, but for monsters of their level, the effect wasn’t very good. 
Seeing Rebecca like this, she gave up directly.  
“Kill me, just spare Rebecca and stop electrocuting her.” 
“No, my lord, we are proud high-tier monsters. How can we give up now? Keep going if you dare!” 
Rebecca’s white, long legs trembled as she stood up. 
Her attitude was firm. 
It seemed she was ready to resist Lin Tian to the end. 
Veronica shook her head. “I can’t bear it…” 
“Zzzz!” 
How could Lin Tian tolerate this guy’s provocation? 
He electrocuted her again. 
Rebecca writhed on the ground, gasping for breath, as if experiencing a kind of heavenly release and pleasure. 
“Huff, huff, you…you can come at me with anything…” 
Rebecca’s eyes were glazed, and her cheeks flushed as she spoke. 
Lin Tian snorted coldly. “I’ve been putting up with you for a long time. High-tier monster, huh? Looking down on me, huh? How does it feel to crawl at a goblin’s feet?” 
“Zzzz…” 
With each shock, 
Rebecca’s will remained incredibly strong. 
It made Lin Tian feel a bit embarrassed, as if he were a human trafficker in Myanmar. 
But suddenly, he realized something. 
He looked at Rebecca’s expression of enjoyment and asked in surprise, “You don’t actually like this, do you???” 
“Huh?” 
At this moment, Veronica was stunned. 
Rebecca bit her red lip. “No, I’m firmly on the Great Tomb’s side. I will never ally with you goblins!” 
“You disgusting goblin!” 
“Low-level, vile creature!” 
“Why aren’t you electrocuting me when I insult you?” 
“Please, shock me! I’m insulting you!” 
Seeing her like this, Lin Tian realized he had awakened some strange fetish in her. 
Or was it his punishment method that was flawed? 
He no longer felt like taking revenge on her. 
Then, he turned to Veronica. “Never mind her. Demon Lord, do you have any last words?” 
“Last words? I said them centuries ago when I died as a human. Now, I have no last words.” 
Veronica said coldly, no longer harboring any resistance. 
But suddenly, she thought of something. “If it’s a wish, I’d like to live again as a human.” 
For a moment, 
The atmosphere became sorrowful. 
People felt immersed in Veronica’s regret and wish. 
“Sniff, sniff…” 
Katheryn couldn’t help but wipe her tears. 
Lin Tian quickly interrupted this strange turn of events. “Enough, why are you crying now? Are you thinking of letting her go?” 
“Can we?” Katheryn hesitated. 
Lin Tian almost wanted to slap her gentle and lovely face to wake her up. “No way, and you all stop being emo!” 
“My lord, don’t give up…” 
Rebecca mumbled, her mind muddled from the electricity. 
She felt like her body no longer belonged to her, but was floating in the sky. 
Immediately, Lin Tian decisively ordered Gobu Jian, “Do it, don’t fall for her tricks.” 
“Shua!” 
The Demon Sealing Sword came down heavily. 
Veronica’s entire body shattered. 
Her body began to fall apart, scattering into a pile of bones. 
Lin Tian finally relaxed and breathed a sigh of relief. 
He almost let this person’s acting skills gain sympathy; she was indeed cunning. 
He could be fooled once, but never twice. 
However, to everyone’s surprise, the scattered bones on the ground started to slowly reassemble! 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 115: Oh, I Have a Way to Die 
TL: Sungmin 
Lin Tian furrowed his brow. “Attack! Keep attacking, don’t let it reform!” 
Gobu Jian decisively slashed again. 
But no matter how they attacked, the scattered bones kept reassembling. 
“Hehehe~” 
“Do you want to kill me? I can tell you, that’s impossible!” 
“I am an Undead. Once my magic recovers, I will surely kill you all!” 
Veronica laughed wildly, her crimson eyes emitting a powerful glow. The oppressive fear swept over everyone. It wasn’t a threat but a reality she could achieve. 
Katheryn suddenly recalled and explained, “That’s right, the Undead can’t be killed by normal means. After all, they defy natural laws.” 
Skeletons remaining alive was entirely unscientific. 
“Then what should we do?” Lin Tian hurriedly asked, sweating profusely. If she couldn’t be killed, she would eventually turn on them. 
Katheryn looked guilty and stammered, “I-I don’t know either…” 
“What?” Lin Tian was speechless. “You, a member of the Church, don’t know how to kill the Undead?” 
“The Pope and others know, but I don’t…” 
Katheryn bit her red lip, looking like a child who had done something wrong, unable to meet Lin Tian’s eyes. 
Helpless, Lin Tian said, “Take her away, Gobu Jian. From now on, you must stay with her at all times and regularly use the Demon Sealing Sword to absorb her magic.” 
Since they couldn’t kill her, they had to imprison her. Without magic, Veronica would be extremely weak. 
“Yes, boss!” Gobu Jian nodded vigorously. 
As for Rebecca, she was already paralyzed and unable to move. They would deal with her after finding a new place to settle, injecting her with a large dose of poison in the meantime. 
As they left the Great Tomb, Lin Tian let out a long sigh of relief. “Finally done. The fruits of this battle are finally mine!” 
However, he then looked at the Holy Mother beside him. 
“What do you want?” 
Earlier, he had intended to tie her up and enjoy her himself. But she had at least helped him, so if she wanted to die, he could give her a quick death without further humiliation. 
Katheryn looked at the desolate Enchanted Forest. “The matter of the Great Tomb is settled. Everyone from the Church is dead. I seem to have no reason to live anymore.” 
“Are you sure? If you are, I can send you on your way,” Lin Tian said solemnly, standing before her. 
Katheryn thought of something and pleaded, “I don’t expect Alice to spare the citizens of the royal city, but can you avoid a massacre?” 
“Sure, but on one condition,” Lin Tian turned to her, questioning with his eyes. 
Katheryn was slightly stunned. “You… can do whatever you want.” 
She was a compassionate Saintess, always striving to save her people, regardless of the outcome. 
Lin Tian pondered. He had thought about what to do after occupying the Lionheart Empire. The simplest and most brutal method was to breed a large number of goblins. However, this had a major flaw. Men and the elderly would resist to the death, leaving only women, and managing tens of thousands of women would be difficult. 
If they could be made to willingly submit and not resist, that would be ideal. Additionally, breeding large numbers of goblins would lead to food shortages. They would need to cultivate farmland and raise livestock. Lin Tian could manage a few thousand or tens of thousands of goblins, but any more would be unmanageable. Teaching them and improving their intelligence and qualifications would be impossible. In contrast, humans were much easier to control. 
“I want you to announce to the entire nation that if they submit to the goblins and pledge loyalty, they will live in peace and continue their normal lives,” Lin Tian finally said. 
The Saintess’s authority was comparable to the king’s, and she represented the divine. Every word she spoke carried immense weight. 
Katheryn was stunned. “Submit to you? That’s it?” 
Lin Tian gestured with his hand. “Of course, it’s not that simple. The condition is that they must pay 70% in taxes annually. Unlike the Lionheart Empire, I want food, not gold.” 
“Also, every woman, once she becomes an adult, must give birth to and raise ten goblins.” 
“If they can do this, their lives will be no different from before, and I won’t let the goblins massacre humans.” 
Compared to indiscriminate slaughter, rational use of resources was the best choice. However, Katheryn found it absurd. “I’m kind, but I’m not stupid. How could the things you’re saying ever be achieved?” 
Paying taxes was one thing, but 30% would not even be enough to last a family a year. 
Moreover, making every woman give birth to and raise ten goblins was simply impossible. 
Humans had dignity, and who could stand to watch their wives and daughters endure such a fate? 
Lin Tian suddenly revealed a twisted, eerie smile. “Nothing is impossible. I will make them fight for the chance to do it, kekeke.” 
Wasn’t this easy to handle? Kill a few to set an example, and the rest would fall in line. 
As for food and livestock, he would teach them modern farming and breeding techniques. This would greatly increase production. Even if there were millions of goblins later on, they could still be fed. 
He would solve the upgrading issues later on. 
“If that’s the case, I can agree. But why are you doing this? As a goblin, aren’t you supposed to be about killing and fulfilling your desires?” Katheryn hadn’t expected Lin Tian to say such things, feeling an inexplicable eeriness. Before her seemed to be a deeply cunning creature with unimaginable ambitions. 
Lin Tian didn’t explain. “Just do as I say. Let’s go to the royal city.” 
He had already planned the basic layout of the empire, and it might even develop faster than he imagined. They needed to act quickly to avoid being attacked by other empires, which could lead to their downfall. 
Upon reaching the ruins of the Tian Kuang Tribe, they found Gobu Yue. 
“Boss! It’s great to see you’re still alive!” 
Gobu Yue was overwhelmed with excitement and leaped at him. 
Lin Tian patted her head. “We finally don’t have to live in this filthy cave anymore. Are you happy?” 
“Wow, really? That’s amazing!” 
Gobu Yue’s big round eyes sparkled with joy. Noticing Katheryn, who had a more voluptuous figure than even Sister Lia, she immediately thought she had made a new friend. Despite the holy aura around Katheryn, Gobu Yue found her gentle and kind face endearing. 
“Hello, are we family from now on?” 
“Fa-family? What?” 
Katheryn stammered, blushing to her neck. She muttered to herself in disbelief. How could she become family with goblins? And this cute goblin didn’t seem evil at all, rather, she felt a strange affection for her. 
Bound and gagged, Veronica’s cold voice suddenly rang out. “How interesting, the Saintess of the Church becoming family with goblins? Hahaha!” 
“Shut up. When I figure out how to deal with you, don’t beg for mercy like before,” Lin Tian retorted sharply. 
He then turned to Gobu Yue. “Let’s go, to the human empire’s royal city!” 
“Okay!” 
Many of the tribe’s belongings were useless. They only took some tools with them. As for the seven or eight hundred humans, they released them on the spot. Soon, they would have no shortage of them. 
They needed the humans to willingly breed. Imagining the rapid growth rate was beyond comprehension. 
As Lin Tian walked, he continually thought about the detailed development policies for the empire, showing no urgency. 
… 
At that moment, in Lionheart City, the capital of the Lionheart Empire. 
Alice led two thousand hero variants, three thousand big variants, along with Gobu Kuang and others. They marched with the monsters from the Great Tomb, laying siege to the city! 
The terrifying pressure caused the soldiers guarding the city to collapse in fear. 
“What are those? Monsters! So many monsters!!!” 
“We’re defeated, the King and the others are defeated! Help!!!” 
An indescribable, intense fear overwhelmed the soldiers’ minds. They couldn’t believe the empire and the Church had been defeated. What horrors awaited them next? 
Before they could warn anyone, Lia dealt with them all. Staring at the tall, imposing city walls, Alice coldly declared, “Wait here for my signal. I’ll go in first.” 
Despite her doubts, she wanted to see how the residents felt about her. After all, she had protected them for over a decade. 
The city gates were tightly shut, with no one daring to leave. Alice leapt effortlessly over the ten-meter-high wall like a light bird. She found the familiar streets deserted, with only a few vendors trying to make a living and a few scattered passersby.  
Before leaving, Charles II had advised everyone to stay indoors for the foreseeable future. Many had moved from shelters back to their homes, still trusting that the empire and the Church would ultimately prevail. 
Alice walked through the desolate streets, her emotions complex. The echo of their previous hateful accusations and Charles II’s dying moments haunted her. 
“Little girl, want some fried fish? It’s hot and delicious.” 
Passing by a fish and chips stall, the vendor enthusiastically called out to her. 
Alice pulled out an unused silver coin from her undergarment and handed it to the vendor without saying a word. She wanted to taste the familiar flavor of her hometown. 
The vendor cheerfully accepted the coin, but upon seeing Alice’s face up close, his expression changed instantly. “You… you’re the Sword Saintess?!” 
In his shock, the vendor’s demeanor shifted. He threw the silver coin away. “Get lost! I won’t sell you anything, traitor to the kingdom and humanity! Get away!” 
News of her joining the goblin tribe had long spread. Previously, she was to be judged and punished, stripped of her position. Now, everyone wished to see her nailed to a cross. 
“Hey! Everyone come out! The Sword Saintess is back!!!” 
The vendor, as if stirring up more trouble, ran through the street shouting. People gradually came out to see what the commotion was about. Upon recognizing Alice, they were first shocked, then filled with disgust and curses. 
Alice ignored them, watching the silver coin roll far away, ultimately falling into the dark sewer, sinking into filth. It was as if her final resolve had also sunk. Her expression shifted from calm coldness to dark hatred, her face shadowed, head bowed. 
Alone, she faced hundreds, thousands, of increasingly gathering residents. 
“Where is she? That wretched woman dares to return? I, Sinful Swordsman, will never forgive her!” 
At that moment, a scruffy man with a full beard pushed to the front of the crowd, visibly excited. He was the notorious leader of the anti-Alice faction. By denouncing Alice, he had gained fame, wealth, and women, transforming from a drunken lout into a successful figure. 
“So it’s really you, you wretched woman, not only did you betray humanity by bearing goblin children, but you dared to return?” 
“How dare you come back!” 
“I have an idea. Let’s nail her to a cross and let her slowly repent as she bleeds to death!” 
The Sinful Swordsman shouted, and the crowd fell silent, then voiced their agreement. They had been suppressing their anger for a long time and were now eager for some entertainment. Previously neutral residents also joined the Sinful Swordsman’s side. 
Alice finally lifted her head, still looking as pure and beautiful as ever, captivating many men who fell silent in awe of her beauty. Despite the pressure of public opinion, no one dared to voice dissent. 
“Have you forgotten that I was the one protecting you?” Alice’s voice was cold and stern, her question piercing. 
Her words silenced over 60% of the crowd. Sensing the shift, the Sinful Swordsman quickly spoke up. “Don’t listen to her! Even without her, the new Holy Sword bearer will protect us!” 
“In fact, she should thank us. It’s because of us she had food to eat!” 
Hearing this, the crowd resumed their curses, growing more intense. Alice saw through them all, unafraid and calm. She drew the ominous blade from her waist, her voice once again questioning their souls. “Aren’t you afraid of me?” 
“Don’t be arrogant! Dare to make a move in the royal city? Do you think the King and the Church will stand idly by?” 
“If you have the guts, kill me! When the Church returns, you’ll be the first to die!” 
“Listen to her, she’s threatening us! She’s gone mad, this wretched woman is beyond saving!” 
2k words!! 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 116: Love Offspring of the Black Goat Mother Goddess 
TL: Sungmin 
“Hahaha, whore!” 
In the crowd, a little boy said with a mischievous grin. 
His face was full of insolence. 
He threw the half-eaten bread in his hand. 
His father also laughed heartily. 
Even though the child used foul language, not only did he not stop him, he seemed rather pleased. 
Alice’s gaze locked onto the boy, her pupils suddenly contracted, as if something had ignited within her. 
She displayed a cold killing intent. 
She said nothing more. 
She just stood there quietly, as if waiting for something. 
Outside the city. 
Gobu Kuang and his group easily smashed the gate. 
Countless monsters swarmed into the city like a tidal wave. 
The three-headed dog, towering over ten meters high, leaped over the city walls! 
With a loud crash, several buildings were crushed. 
Cyclops, Minotaurs, Swamp Tentacle Monsters, and other Great Tomb followers. 
They all entered as well. 
The Sinful Swordsman noticed something was wrong, “What, what’s going on over there? What a huge dog!” 
“And it has three heads, monsters! How did monsters get in?” 
“Goblins! A large number of high-tier goblins, be careful!” 
“Where did those strange monsters come from? Why are they here?” 
A group of residents showed expressions of terror. 
They began to retreat, but due to the crowd, it was difficult to move. 
Gobu Kuang and his group approached closer and closer. 
Finally, they stopped behind Alice. 
Their hideous and fierce faces were enough to scare even adults, let alone children! 
The giant three-headed dog bared its teeth, releasing an immense pressure. 
In front of it, humans were as insignificant as ants. 
They didn’t even have a single thought of resistance. 
This was the royal city. The residents, who had lived comfortably for so long, had never seen such a scene. 
They didn’t know what to do. 
The Sinful Swordsman broke out in a cold sweat, trembling, “Everyone, don’t be afraid! Stay calm!” 
“Don’t be afraid? Then you go first!” 
“I have no fighting power, how can I not be afraid!?” 
A group of residents trembled in fear. 
Those who could fight had all joined the army and died on the Laiyang Plains. 
They were all merchants, wealthy families, landlords, or just ordinary workers. 
Compared to Gobu Kuang and his monsters, they were completely powerless. 
The Sinful Swordsman could barely stand. He had some combat ability, but he wasn’t confident enough to handle these monsters. 
Suddenly, pointing at Alice, he shouted, “What are you standing there for? Do something!” 
Alice coldly retorted, “Are you that anxious?” 
“What nonsense are you talking about? Of course, I’m anxious! Those monsters are almost in my face! As the Sword Saintess, if you don’t kill the monsters, are you going to kill us?” 
“Yeah, this is the royal city! If you save us now, you can plead with the King and the Church for leniency!” 
“Don’t waste time with her. She must have realized her mistake and returned to atone for her sins!” 
“That’s right. She will definitely take care of those monsters!” 
The residents suddenly understood. 
They began to feel emboldened and much calmer. 
The Sinful Swordsman sneered, “I even suspect that she called those monsters here, to kill them and claim the credit, staging the whole thing!” 
“Yes, I did call these monsters.” Alice answered calmly. 
The residents, who had been mocking her seconds ago, fell silent. 
Their faces were filled with disbelief. 
They wondered if they had misheard. 
Alice corrected them, “I didn’t call them for credit, but for a massacre.” 
“Hmph, what nonsense are you spouting? This is the royal city, how could…”  
The Sinful Swordsman couldn’t finish his sentence. 
Alice added, “We have already destroyed the Lionheart Empire’s one hundred thousand elite soldiers, and the Church is likely wiped out too.” 
She threw the cardinal’s badge in front of them. 
At that moment. 
Everyone’s hearts pounded with fear. 
They realized Alice wasn’t joking or trying to provoke them. 
She was really here to kill them!!! 
“Y-you must be joking…” The Sinful Swordsman stammered, too nervous to speak clearly as his throat tightened. 
But Alice just stared at him coldly. 
She said nothing. 
Everyone’s hearts sank into despair! 
The excitement from before vanished without a trace. 
Unease, fear, and anxiety began to spread among the crowd. 
Gobu Kuang licked his lips, “These people look even more tender and delicate. I wonder how delicious they are?” 
“Alice, Your Highness, we were just angry. You can’t do this.” 
“Everyone actually respects you a lot. Can’t you take a joke?” 
“It was all just a joke. We were joking!” 
“Please kill those monsters, and we will never say a bad word about you again!” 
The crowd began to soften. 
Their expressions looked worse than if they had eaten shit. 
They were terrified, sweating profusely. 
Alice simply gave a contemptuous smile, “Do it.” 
“Swish!” 
Immediately. 
A goblin manipulated a magical device, using telekinesis to lift the Sinful Swordsman into the air. 
The other monsters charged madly into the crowd! 
Blood and screams painted a horrific scene. 
The Sinful Swordsman was so scared he almost wet himself, “Alice, Your Highness, wait, wait!” 
But no matter how much he begged, it was useless. 
Alice ordered, “Gobu Shan, nail him to the city wall, don’t kill him. Let him bleed out and die slowly in pain and regret.” 
This was his own chosen method of death. 
“No problem, Lady Alice, you truly understand me.” Gobu Shan chuckled. 
He directly transformed a bone skewer, piercing the Sinful Swordsman’s hands and feet. 
Giggling, he carried him toward the city gate. 
Alice’s strength was acknowledged by the goblins, who naturally considered her one of their leaders. 
Her words were taken as orders. 
Immediately after. 
Alice looked at the foul-mouthed boy and his father. 
The two were curled up under a table in a nearby shop. 
The boy’s father, trembling with fear, quickly stood up and apologized, “Lady Alice, the child only wanted to offer you some bread. Don’t misunderstand, how could a child have any bad intentions?” 
“Really? Gobu Kuang, feed his child the bread.” Alice coldly ordered. 
With one swift sword strike, she cleaved the man in half with rampant sword energy! 
His corpse fell to the ground with a thud. 
The brat wailed, collapsing on the ground, trembling, “Dad! Dad!” 
“Little friend, come eat the bread. You have to eat it all.” 
Gobu Kuang grinned, holding over a hundred pieces of bread from the bakery. 
In times like these, food wasn’t made for taste or appearance. 
As long as it was enough to fill the stomach, it was good enough. 
One piece of bread was pure whole wheat, enough to feed an adult for three meals. 
Alice stood on the highest sanctuary of the royal palace. 
She overlooked half of the royal city. 
She enjoyed watching the monsters chase down the fleeing residents, listening to the endless screams. 
“Help, is there anyone who can save me?” 
“Where is the King? Where is the Church? Are they really all wiped out?” 
“I was wrong, Lady Alice! I won’t insult you again. Can you save us like you did before?” 
Unfortunately, 
As soon as the words were spoken, those residents were pounced on by goblins. 
They were devoured bite by bite, swallowed into their stomachs. 
… 
On the Laiyang Plains. 
Lin Tian was ordering the goblins to devour any corpses that were still edible. 
Most had been crushed to dust by the Heaven’s Fall of the Corpse Pope, with only a few scraps left. 
He was seeing if there was anything they could salvage. 
“What a pity, but there’s a silver lining in every misfortune.” Lin Tian sighed. 
A hundred thousand elite soldiers, the Church members, so many goblins, and monsters. 
Such a huge amount of experience could have raised a dozen Overlord variants! 
Too bad his luck wasn’t always good, and now it had run out. 
Veronica also sighed, “I really underestimated the goblin race. Just by scavenging corpses, they can greatly increase their strength. If all goblins were as smart as you, the world might belong to them.” 
“You think flattery will make me let you go? Stop trying to trick me.” Lin Tian snapped at her irritably. 
He then slowly walked toward the corpse of the Black Goat Spawn. 
Surprisingly, it hadn’t been crushed, despite its large size. 
After all, they say that when the sky falls, the tall ones hold it up. 
However, it was severely deformed. 
He found the one where he had planted his seed, stroking it as he sighed, “I was thinking of taking my child to meet the Black Goat Mother Goddess someday.” 
Unfortunately. 
That idea was also shattered. 
“You… what kind of thoughts do you have in your head? So bizarre?” 
Veronica was stunned by what she heard. 
Even the Holy Mother, Katheryn, was embarrassed and at a loss. 
However. 
When Lin Tian was about to eat the Black Goat Spawn to gain some experience. 
He noticed something moving inside. 
It was very faint, almost imperceptible without careful sensing. 
He quickly dug it open. 
Black, sticky liquid flowed everywhere. 
He finally found a black, slightly soft egg-shaped object. 
It felt like a wet, slippery anemone, quite disgusting. 
Seeing this. 
Veronica was dumbfounded, shouting excitedly, “No! That can’t be! Destroy what you’re holding immediately!” 
“Huh? I won’t.” 
Lin Tian glanced back at her. This thing was definitely his child. 
It just hadn’t fully formed yet. 
It needed to be placed in another creature’s womb to continue growing. 
Otherwise, it would soon die. 
Veronica sternly warned, “That is an aberrant offspring, beyond your control! If you let it grow, the Black Goat Mother Goddess will notice, and this world will be doomed!” 
An egg could already have a composite power level of 6,000. 
The Black Goat Mother Goddess’ strength was unimaginable. 
Katheryn also advised, “I feel it is full of malice too, Mr. Lin Tian. You should listen to her.” 
Veronica wasn’t some delusional villain. 
She never had any intentions of conquering or destroying the world. 
She just wanted to rule a human kingdom and live there. 
Aberrant creatures had the power to destroy the world, which is why she said this. 
Hearing this. 
Lin Tian hesitated too, holding the unformed unknown object, lost in thought. 
He didn’t have the ability to deal with aberrations, and even if he raised it, he wasn’t sure if it would recognize him as its father. 
What if it turned on him? 
Eventually, he decided to destroy it. 
But suddenly. 
The unknown object moved in his hand, its sticky little tentacles touching Lin Tian’s skin. 
It seemed to be responding to him. 
Lin Tian sighed, “I’ll keep it. Maybe it’ll recognize me. After all, I do want to be the Black Goat Mother Goddess’ wild man.” (fling) 
The idea was thrilling. 
Most importantly, he could use the Life Simulation System later to see if it would harm him. 
Everything could be controlled. 
“Are you crazy? Fine, at least then I can escape while you deal with the consequences.” Veronica coldly remarked upon seeing his hesitation. 
The others said nothing further. 
Lin Tian held the unknown object in his hand, pondering, “Hmm, what kind of container should I use to cultivate it?” 
After thinking for a long time. 
Wasn’t there a perfect container right in front of him? 
“You… don’t look at me…” Katheryn took a few steps back in panic, fearing that he might put that thing inside her. 
Lin Tian reassured her, “Don’t worry, we’re on the same side now. I wouldn’t force you to do such things.” 
“Hey, what are you doing? You despicable goblin! Stop!” 
“Ahhh…!” 
Rebecca screamed in a mix of pain and pleasure. 
She became the vessel for the love offspring of Lin Tian and the Black Goat Mother Goddess. 
With that, they set off towards the royal city. 
… 
Crossing the towering mountains and lush green plains. 
On the other side of the rushing river. 
The people of the Sword Kingdom were working in the fields. 
They wiped the sweat off their foreheads and sowed wheat seeds. 
In a palace shaped like a giant sword. 
On the throne sat a man with sword-like brows and bright eyes, exuding a majestic aura, looking to be about thirty. 
He wore aristocratic attire of blue and white with golden threads. 
His somewhat long hair looked like it hadn’t been trimmed for months. 
Yet, its unruly state was strikingly stylish. 
He was the King of the Sword Kingdom, the youngest Sword Saint renowned across the continent. 
‘Edward Heath’. 
TL: Suddenly changed from Reinhardt to Edward?  
[Edward Heath: Lv99<br/>
Race: Human<br/>
Profession: Gale Swordsman<br/>
Title: Companion of the Elemental Spirits, Sword Saint, Glory of the Empire, Unyielding Sword Intent…<br/>
Health: 2800<br/>
Strength: 1200<br/>
Defense: 1100<br/>
Skills: Weathering, Gale Slash, Great Divine Wind, Sylph’s Wrath, Heart of the Wind…<br/>
Equipment: Golden Essence Longsword, High-level Enchanted Garments<br/>
Overall: 9900] 
The peak attribute index for most people was around 5000, very rarely exceeding that. 
But combat power varied greatly. 
In the early stages, with few skills or equipment, combat power rose slowly, mainly rated by attributes. 
But later, it depended on skills, equipment, and personal combat techniques. 
Edward’s weapon was a well-crafted longsword, and he possessed a world-class skill. 
Yet his combat power was nearly 10,000. 
This demonstrated his exceptional skill. 
Worthy of the title of Sword Saint. 
“How did the Lionheart Empire fare? Did they win?” Edward calmly asked the scout below. 
His face was serene. 
Earlier, he had heard the Lionheart Empire was going to battle the Great Tomb and had promised not to ambush them. 
It was known that the Lionheart Empire was formed by consolidating several small towns and claiming many desolate, poor areas no one wanted. 
The valuable areas were seized from the Sword Kingdom through ambushes. 
One was an empire of several decades, the other a grand empire of hundreds of years. 
There was no real comparison. 
Occasional border skirmishes hadn’t escalated into large-scale attacks purely because Edward respected Charles II. 
Also, he looked down on the territories of the Lionheart Empire. 
Poor and infested with monsters. 
Upon hearing this. 
The scout’s expression became complex, and he spoke, “Your Majesty, I’m sorry to say they were completely annihilated.” 
A week had passed since the Battle of Laiyang Plains. 
With their flying mounts, the scouts quickly returned to report. 
For a moment. 
The calm expression on Edward’s face disappeared, replaced by surprise, “How could this happen? Didn’t they have an old pope in their church?” 
“Not only that, but their royal city has been taken over by Alicenia with monsters.” The scout added gravely. 
Edward’s eyes showed sadness, “Is that so?” 
He hadn’t expected Charles II to die, and even the old pope to be defeated. 
Truly regrettable. 
Suddenly, he realized something was off, “Wait, did you say the city was taken over by Alicenia with monsters?!” 
2.5k again!!! Day break~~ 
You can read extra chapters at <a href="https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/">Etude Translations</a> linked to Patreon! <a href="https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/">https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/</a> 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 117: Only Harm Can Come from Obsessing Over Everything 
TL: Sungmin 
“Yes…yes, Your Majesty.” The scout stammered, bewildered. 
He didn’t understand why their king had such a strong reaction. 
Even the fall of the Lionheart Empire hadn’t provoked such a response. 
Edward’s expression remained one of disbelief, “Are you sure you didn’t see it wrong? How could she join the monster’s side?!” 
He recalled visiting the Lionheart Empire a few years ago and meeting Alicenia. 
Unfortunately, she had to rush off on a mission, so they didn’t have much time to talk. 
But in that short encounter, she had left an impression on him—a king with a legacy of hundreds of years, known as the Sword Saint, who remained unmarried to this day. 
“It can’t be wrong, Your Majesty…” The scout repeated. 
Edward then dismissed him, “I need some time to calm down and think about the Lionheart Empire’s issue. You may leave.” 
“If that’s the case, we must unite with the Clover and Shamrock Kingdoms to swiftly liberate the Lionheart Empire.” After pondering for a long time, Edward muttered to himself. 
He immediately organized a banquet. 
He invited the kings and nobles of the two magic kingdoms. 
As for their church members, he didn’t bother with them at all. 
These kingdoms, free from monster invasions, naturally had weaker churches. 
Even their pope’s strength was only in the thousands. 
Not even a match for one hair of Douglas. 
After all, the pope was a position, not a measure of power. 
At the Holy Sword Plaza. 
Today, Edward set up a lavish banquet and had sent invitations to the kings of Clover and Shamrock Kingdoms. 
Knowing their fondness for beautiful women and fine wine. 
He specifically selected many long-legged blonde women, dressed in ultra-short gowns, each holding bottles of exquisite wine, ready to serve. 
The patrolling soldiers around couldn’t take their eyes off them. 
“My God, His Majesty sure knows how to pick them. These legs, I could never get tired of them!” 
“Jade legs, so many jade legs!” 
“Obsessing over everything jade will only harm you. Shh, those two guys seem to be coming.” 
The soldiers whispered among themselves. 
In the sky above the plaza, a dazzling magic circle appeared. 
“Swish!” 
Two beams of white light landed. 
Two groups of people appeared. 
They were none other than the kings of the Clover Magic Kingdom, ‘Gilbert,’ and the Shamrock Magic Kingdom, ‘Gilberts.’ 
The two were actually brothers. To divide their inheritance, they split the original Five-leaf Clover Kingdom into two. 
(Shamrocks are 3-leafed clovers.) 
Each took half. 
Though not particularly handsome, Gilbert was fat with a large head and ears. 
Gilberts was short and somewhat underdeveloped. 
However, their strength was not to be underestimated; both could wield world-class magic. 
Thus, Edward treated them with such grand hospitality, hoping to leverage their power against Lin Tian . 
He was not weak, nor foolish. 
A monster that could defeat the old pope was not to be trifled with. 
Each brother was accompanied by several mysterious masked men and a few beauties. 
Seeing Edward, they greeted in unison, “Long time no see, brother Sword Saint, hahaha!” 
“The same to you. Please, take your seats. The wine and women are ready for you.” Edward smiled accommodatingly. 
He didn’t mention business first but let them enjoy themselves. 
Gilbert’s eyes were glued to the long-legged women, “My God, only the women of the Sword Kingdom have such legs, such figures, straight like swords!” 
“Brother, you take half, I’ll take half, we’ll have our fill tonight!” Gilberts chuckled. 
However, the two began to quarrel. 
Gilbert coughed, “I am your elder brother; I deserve more.” 
“Can you even handle so many with that fat body of yours?” 
“And you? Look at yourself, malnourished, truly embarrassing!” 
In the midst of their argument. 
Edward sighed, “Enough, let me get to the point. As long as you join forces with me to reclaim the Lionheart Empire and recover the cities they took from me, I will give you ten more later.” 
The royal city of the Lionheart Empire used to belong to the Sword Kingdom. 
That was why he made this proposition. 
Gilbert and Gilberts immediately understood. 
“I was wondering why Edward was so agreeable today, turns out it’s this.” Gilbert said sarcastically. 
His hands, which had been stroking the beautiful legs, reluctantly withdrew. 
Clearly, he was not keen to agree. 
Edward furrowed his brow and said helplessly, “Rest assured, I only want to reclaim the Lion City. You can take the other cities.” 
Though valuable, the other cities combined couldn’t compare to the Lion City. 
So, he offered them. 
Gilberts showed some interest, “We understand the situation in the Lionheart Empire. Monsters are a threat to the entire continent. We do need to unite.” 
“Indeed, our human race stands at the top of the world’s food chain because we unite against external threats.” Gilbert echoed. 
Both wearing the guise of upright gentlemen. 
But the truth was, in their magical kingdom territories, there had once been powerful monsters and demi-human races. 
Only through joint suppression had they either been eradicated or forced into hiding. 
The Sword Kingdom had fought an internal battle with the Centaur tribe for over a hundred years. 
Eventually, it ended with the death of the Centaur Emperor. 
His daughter led the remaining Centaurs into hiding. 
Edward breathed a sigh of relief, “If you say so, then I am reassured.” 
However, neither of these brothers had any good intentions. 
After exchanging glances, Gilbert grinned mischievously and said, “There’s one more condition: let us have a look at your contracted spirit, or rather, your master, Lady Sylph’s peerless beauty. How about that?” 
One of the four great elemental spirits. 
Sylph of the Wind, one of the oldest beings on this continent. 
Edward’s strength was closely tied to her. 
The two brothers had long heard that Sylph was a female spirit and had coveted her for a long time. 
Upon hearing this. 
Edward’s face darkened, and he said grimly, “Don’t go too far. You’re worse than goblins…” 
Seeing his anger. 
The two brothers quickly pretended nothing had happened, “Oh, come on, we’re just joking. Don’t take it seriously!” 
After all, Edward was a king, and his strength was formidable. 
More importantly, while it seemed he was the only one in his kingdom capable of fighting, the Wind Spirit backing him was unfathomably powerful. 
“I despise goblins deeply. If you can help eradicate them, seeing me is no big deal.” 
Suddenly. 
An ethereal, divine voice echoed in the plaza. 
It seemed to penetrate deep into one’s soul. 
A gentle breeze swept in. 
Stirring a few fallen leaves. 
Immediately, the air currents gathered, forming something like a magical effect, green and dazzling. 
Finally, they coalesced into a humanoid figure. 
Underneath the green, silky hair was a pure and charming face. 
She was petite, wearing a thin white dress. 
The closer to her feet, the more transparent it became, though her small jade-like feet were still visible. 
She wasn’t wearing shoes and floated slightly above the ground. 
“This is the Wind Spirit? Oh my! She’s so beautiful!” 
“Damn, those jade-like feet… such cute jade-like feet, I can’t imagine how delicious they must be!” 
“Haha, I can imagine.” 
“Why don’t you listen? Obsessing over everything jade will only harm you.” 
The soldiers were all staring in awe. 
Having been royal guards for years, they had heard about Edward contracting the Wind Spirit. 
But it was their first time seeing the legendary Wind Spirit. 
Gilbert and Gilberts were even more stunned, their eyes wide and fixed, as if they had forgotten to breathe! 
Gilberts even trembled, “Indeed, humans can’t compare to spirits. So pure, so… so tempting to taste every bit of her! Ah!” 
The more he thought about it, the more excited he became, even crying out. 
Naturally, humans ate grains and aged, got sick, and died. 
Elemental spirits fed on the essence of nature, pure and clean to the extreme. 
The only beings comparable to them were elves. 
Elves ate a vegetarian diet, making them much cleaner. 
Thus, humans labeled elves as monsters to capture and nearly exterminate them. 
Edward listened to their lewd remarks, his face darkening with anger. 
But since Sylph herself had agreed to show herself, he couldn’t say much. 
He respectfully clasped his hands, “Lady Sylph.” 
“No problem. Since you two have seen me, it’s time to fulfill your promise, right?” Sylph said coldly. 
Gilbert nodded vigorously, “Of course, but Lady Sylph, since you despise goblins so much, if we kill the goblins occupying the Lionheart Empire, can you reward us with something?” 
“What do you want as a reward?” Sylph asked impatiently. 
Seeing their lecherous expressions, she was clearly disgusted. 
Gilberts quickly replied, “We know it’s impossible to have an intimate exchange with you, but if you could serve us wine, that would be enough, hehe…” 
“Enough!” 
Suddenly, Edward shouted angrily, glaring at them. 
The two brothers immediately fell silent, scared. 
Gilbert then acted as if nothing had happened, “Haha, just kidding. These ten beauties are enough for us, Your Majesty Edward. Let’s drink and discuss the campaign tomorrow.” 
Sylph dissipated into the wind. 
Edward’s anger subsided considerably, and he began to take his seat. 
However, the brothers exchanged a glance, a hint of murderous intent in their eyes. 
They had already reached a mutual understanding. 
Since he wouldn’t let them have her, they would seize an opportunity to take her by force! 
Using transmission magic, they communicated. 
“Brother, let’s ensure he never leaves the Lionheart Empire alive. What do you think?” 
“Just as I thought, little brother!” 
“Alright, during the monster campaign, we’ll join forces to ambush him and then seal Sylph. We’ll take turns enjoying her!” 
“Hehe, an elemental spirit… such a pure being, every part of her is a delight!” 
“Hahaha!” 
You can read extra chapters at <a href="https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/">Etude Translations</a> linked to Patreon! <a href="https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/">https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/</a> 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 118: Gobu Kuang’s Evolution, Overlord Variant! 
TL: Sungmin 
Lion King City. 
From a distance of more than ten kilometers, one could already smell a pungent, bloody odor. 
Katheryn felt a pang in her heart, “Is the royal city… finished?” 
She knew Alice had led the monsters to attack the royal city and had anticipated such a scenario. 
Yet, she couldn’t blame Alice. 
Even she couldn’t bear to witness the chaos in the royal city. 
“It seems the place has already been cleared, saving me the trouble.” Lin Tian smiled with satisfaction. 
He led everyone into the city. 
Though many buildings had been damaged and debris was everywhere due to the monster attack, the overall structure was still well-preserved. 
Destroying it had no meaning; it was better to keep it for future use. 
The corpses had been devoured completely, leaving only traces of crimson blood. 
Around Lion King Square, more than a hundred thousand residents were surrounded by Gobu Kuang and other monsters. 
But they hadn’t attacked yet. 
Because Lin Tian had told Alice not to exterminate everyone. 
It wasn’t out of a sense of benevolence. 
But without the protection of the Great Tomb, they couldn’t act as recklessly as they did when they annihilated Clinforth. 
They needed to quickly become a significant protective force, or else they would be doomed if other empires decided to crusade against them. 
So, Alice had first eliminated over 10,000 people who came out immediately to denounce and insult her. 
Not a single one was left. 
The people in the square had stayed hidden in their homes or shelters from beginning to end. 
Following the scent, Lin Tian and his group quickly reached the square. 
Alice, Gobu Kuang, Gobu Tian, and others were all waiting there. 
“Messenger, you’re here. I’ve done what I needed to do. The rest is up to you.” Alice said calmly, her cold expression softening slightly. 
The suppressed emotions in her heart had eased. 
Lin Tian nodded and had just started to speak when Gobu Kuang, Gobu Tian, and Gobu Shan excitedly ran over. 
“Boss, we’ve missed you!” 
“Damn, Boss, you’ve seized a lot of treasures, even captured that bone thing?! That’s so weird!” 
“What do you know? After playing for a while, one naturally starts liking the strange stuff.” 
The three mumbled among themselves. 
Lin Tian gave each of them a bump on the head. “Behave. Veronica, these are your followers, right? Do you want them to come rescue you?” 
“Hmph, even Alice is here. Do you think they have the ability to rescue me?” 
Veronica looked at him as if he were an idiot and replied irritably. 
Then she ordered, “I’m already a prisoner now. From now on, listen to this goblin. Of course, you can resist if you want.” 
The Cerberus, Minotaurs, and others were stunned. 
They dared not resist. 
Lin Tian signaled Alice, Gobu Tian, and the others with his eyes. 
Then he walked towards a Minotaur, “Not bad strength, 5,000.” 
“These are followers who have been with me for decades, even centuries. You say…” 
Before Veronica could finish her sentence, Lin Tian pulled out the Spear of Zeus and instantly pierced the Minotaur’s heart, then summoned divine lightning to strike down! 
Turning it into charred remains. 
“What are you doing!” Veronica’s expression changed dramatically. 
Beside her, Alice did a backflip, gracefully leaping seven to eight meters onto the Cerberus’s head. 
The Ominous Blade slashed down fiercely. 
One head fell. 
Gobu Tian and Gobu Shan also took out world-class magical tools, effectively destroying another head. 
For the final head, Gobu Kuang and Lia attacked together, blowing it up on the spot. 
The Cerberus, known as the immortal beast from hell, was thus instantly killed. 
All three heads had to be destroyed simultaneously, or it would never die; the fallen heads would regenerate into a new three-headed body. 
The other minions from the Great Tomb were also quickly eliminated under concentrated fire. 
Veronica’s face was grim as she understood why Lin Tian did this, “You’re ruthless, Lin Tian… don’t let me catch you. I won’t kill you; I’ll make you wish for death!” 
“One must always be cautious. They are your followers; what if they rescue you while I sleep?” 
Lin Tian wiped the blood off the Spear of Zeus and said. 
He wasn’t foolish enough to leave these beings alive. 
Then he gestured to Gobu Kuang and the others, “You guys are about to evolve into overlord variants. Eat these corpses.” 
In the future, resources for upgrading would become increasingly scarce. 
They would have to see if they could cultivate ice elves in large quantities in the snowfield to produce snow crystals. 
Not every goblin could develop in a resource-rich place like the Great Tomb. 
In normal areas, it was hard to even see monsters, relying only on eating beasts and mating with low-level animals. 
They would never progress. 
Thus, they were recognized on the continent as one of the weakest and most pathetic monsters. 
Lin Tian had gathered the right time, place, and people to achieve his current tribe size. 
Though it was still just a few thousand goblins. 
“Let Gobu Kuang eat. I’m waiting to eat better stuff with the boss in the future, hehe.” Gobu Tian and Gobu Shan said disdainfully. 
They no longer had an appetite for these monsters. 
Gobu Kuang retorted, “Idiots, once my strength increases, I’ll just catch better food myself. No need to trouble the boss, and I’ll even help him catch some!” 
With that, he buried his head and started devouring. 
“Not bad, not bad. You two should learn from his awareness. Seriously…” Lin Tian also spoke in an annoyed tone. 
Soon, Gobu Kuang had devoured all the corpses of the Great Tomb followers. 
His level rose to eighty. 
He began to evolve into an overlord variant! 
[Gobu Kuang Lv80 · Giant Troll Goblin<br/>
Race: Goblin<br/>
Profession: None<br/>
Title: Enchanted, Troll Potential, God’s Blessing…<br/>
Health: 2500<br/>
Strength: 710<br/>
Defense: 890<br/>
Skills: Hand of Annihilation, Troll Domain, Dark Laws…<br/>
Equipment: Osius’s Sword, Mode’s Axe, Asavin’s Shield<br/>
Overall: 6800] 
“A troll?!” 
At this moment, Goblin Slayer couldn’t help but exclaim. 
Gobu Kuang’s body had now grown to nearly five meters, his face full of ferocity. 
He had four muscular arms with black spikes around the joints, and his skin had become coarse and tough. 
He also had hair like seaweed, hanging over his face. 
His eyes were terrifyingly wide open like those of a top predator. 
The two demonic hands on his back spread their five fingers, previously holding a blue flame, now turned dark purple. 
He looked even more menacing. 
He completely resembled a troll. 
Trolls were a term for monsters that reached a certain level of strength and size—gigantic, powerful monsters. 
Veronica was also astonished, “A goblin can turn into a troll? And it’s an overlord variant! This is unbelievable…” 
Generally, monsters that could evolve into trolls were from strong races. 
Like minotaurs, cyclops, magical beasts, and so on. 
There had never been any record of a goblin transforming into a troll, this was a first. 
“Boss, I feel like I can catch any girl you want for you, hahaha!” 
Gobu Kuang said excitedly, feeling the immense power in his body. 
Lin Tian was very pleased with his massive improvement. “Forget about the girls for now, let’s take care of business first.” 
He then walked to the highest point in the square and observed the tens of thousands of residents of the royal city. 
He found them all terrified, with the cries of children and the anxious sighs of adults painting a picture of despair. 
“Lady Alice, I didn’t insult you. I’ve always remained neutral!” 
“Enough, stop crying. We all deserve this. Silent good people are complicit in evil! We are the culprits for her becoming like this!” 
“If only we had stopped those evil knights back then.” 
“I truly regret it, Lady Alice. Please, return to your kind self.” 
The residents cried out in desperation. 
Lin Tian cleared his throat and emitted a piercing, sinister voice, “Silence!” 
Instantly, the residents shuddered in fear and dared not speak. 
They all stared at Lin Tian. 
At first glance, they felt doomed. 
What was that? A goblin! 
A symbol of bloodthirsty slaughter and lascivious desires. 
Lin Tian then pondered, “Don’t panic or be afraid. I won’t kill you. On the contrary, I will let you live and even provide you with a more abundant life than before.” 
No one believed these words, not for a second. 
“You see how kind I look. I wouldn’t lie to you.” 
Lin Tian tried his best to look harmless as he spoke. 
Among the residents, a brave middle-aged man stood up, “Why should we believe you?” 
Anyway, they were as good as dead now. 
Seeing their skeptical expressions, Lin Tian knew words were useless. He decided to reveal the truth directly. 
He didn’t want to waste any more time. 
“I want to build an empire, so I need your help to prevent other empires from annexing us. It’s that simple.” Lin Tian explained. 
The middle-aged man quickly understood, “I see. Then why keep us here? Do you want to be our king? A king isn’t crowned by force; it requires the people’s support, you know?” 
Immediately, several young men stepped forward. 
This was a chance to gain a position, so they seized the opportunity to show their abilities. 
“That’s right, if we don’t cooperate with you, with just a few thousand goblins, you won’t be able to develop an empire.” 
“I’ve been hungry for days, give me food and water!” 
“A monster is still a monster, don’t you understand support? If people aren’t happy, you can’t be king, let alone build an empire!” 
In Western culture, a king isn’t just a founder. 
Primarily, a king relies on the support of the people. 
Otherwise, even if you call yourself king, the residents will support other nobles to usurp the throne. 
That’s why Charles II protected his subjects so well. Alice was like a tool, tirelessly helping to rescue the people. 
Of course, this was under certain conditions. If the ruler was a tyrant or a schemer, public support wouldn’t matter. 
The nobles and trusted aides, well-trained to obey, wouldn’t dare to seize power. 
If residents dared to utter a word of dissent, they would be executed on the spot. 
Coincidentally. 
Lin Tian intended to be such a tyrant. 
Watching the residents’ increasingly excessive demands, his expression darkened. 
He walked directly to the middle-aged man. 
“What are you trying to do? Kill me? I tell you, killing me now means burying your empire dream. If you have the guts, go ahead and kill me!” The middle-aged man said confidently. 
His face was full of smugness, thinking he had some understanding of power dynamics. 
Indeed. 
For a normal person, they wouldn’t dare to touch him, fearing it would incite rebellion among the other residents. 
But Lin Tian wasn’t normal. 
He directly reached out his claw and swiped. 
“You!” 
The middle-aged man stared in disbelief at his chest! 
He was gutted on the spot! 
His intestines spilled out. 
His still-beating red heart could be seen! 
“Ahh! I’m going to die!!!” 
The middle-aged man trembled all over in fear, stumbled to the ground, and screamed in terror. 
No matter how frantically he tried to stuff his organs back in, it was useless. 
The blood flowed more and more. 
Eventually, he died miserably on the spot. 
The few young men who had been shouting earlier quickly retreated into the crowd of residents in fear. 
Lin Tian took out the Spear of Zeus and summoned lightning, “Boom!” 
He electrocuted hundreds of people, including those young men! 
The smell of charred flesh filled the air, along with the horrifying death of the middle-aged man. 
This terrified the remaining residents into silence, making them shiver with fear. 
Lin Tian looked at them coldly, “I almost forgot to tell you, I aim to be a king, and I intend to be a tyrant from the start. Kekeke…” 
“We… we know we were wrong. Please, don’t kill us,” a woman pleaded. 
Indeed, they had grown too comfortable under the benevolent rule of Charles II, always daring to make demands of the king. 
They had almost forgotten that the being before them was a monster! 
Lin Tian gave a sinister smile, “Come here.” 
The woman trembled as she walked to Lin Tian and crouched down. 
Through her collar, one could see her snow-white, rapidly heaving chest. 
A faint fragrance wafted from her. 
It was clear she was utterly terrified. 
“What a lovely face, those freckles kissed by an angel, just right,” Lin Tian said, lifting her chin to admire her. 
The woman gulped hard, so scared she could barely swallow. 
She breathed through her nose, unsure of how to speak, “If… if you like, I… I can accompany you…” 
You can read extra chapters at <a href="https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/">Etude Translations</a> linked to Patreon! <a href="https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/">https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/</a> 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 119: Katheryn’s Resolve 
TL: Sungmin 
“Too bad, did I allow you to speak? I hate people who like to act on their own!” 
Lin Tian forcefully pressed his sharp nails into her fair cheek! 
Blood trickled down along the nails. 
The woman wanted to scream in pain but dared not make a sound. 
She understood that if she cried out, those nails would sever her neck! 
Seeing that she acknowledged her mistake and considering her beauty, Lin Tian refrained from killing her.  
“Go back. You’d better all behave. If I take a dislike to anyone, I might just take action.” 
Everyone kept their heads down, not daring to look at him directly, trembling. 
They even breathed cautiously. 
“But don’t be afraid. I’m recognized as a good person in our circle, don’t you think?” Lin Tian continued his speech, looking back. 
Gobu Kuang and the others nodded vigorously, “Of course! He often helps lost girls find their way home! Although, it’s to his home… heh heh.” 
“The boss’s main thing is helping others. Look at her! The master of the Great Tomb, the undead renowned across the continent! Her wish was to live in the human world, and he brought her here.” 
“Not just that, the conflicts between monsters, the empire, and the church, which couldn’t be resolved for decades, our boss finished them all. Ahem, he finished the conflicts, don’t misunderstand.” 
Listening to the boasting of Gobu San and the others. 
None of the humans could muster a smile; instead, they were even more frightened. 
Lin Tian scolded, “If you can’t speak properly, say less, stop adding drama.” 
He then turned to the crowd, “As long as you cooperate with my arrangements, there’s no problem surviving. Your living conditions will be several times better than now.” 
Upon hearing this. 
Some were skeptical, some hopeful, and others remained utterly hopeless. 
They exchanged glances but only dared communicate with their eyes. 
“Believe it or not, but let me be clear, the condition is that each household needs to pay 70% of their future harvest as tax. I don’t want your money, and every woman must bear ten goblin offspring and raise them to adulthood. It’s that simple.” Lin Tian clarified, watching them. 
Seeing no one spoke, he added, “Oh, you can speak freely now, but don’t cause trouble.” 
Then. 
A desperate man spoke up, “Hmph, who are you fooling? Seventy percent of our food? That will starve us to death! It’s barely enough to feed a family!” 
In this era, seeds were different from modern ones. 
The yield and survival rates were much lower. 
The harvest was usually just enough for a family to survive a year. 
But since the kingdom imposed taxes, usually around 20%. 
It left families frequently having to scrimp and save to make it through the year. 
Not everyone in the capital was a wealthy merchant or landowner; many were laborers from elsewhere, aware of their family’s situation. 
So, they strongly rejected this demand. 
Seeing some dissatisfaction with this requirement. 
Lin Tian forced a smile, “Oh, you really want to argue?” 
He brought out the Spear of Zeus and summoned lightning again, “Boom!” 
Striking the man dead instantly! 
“You…” 
The residents fell into utter despair, even anger, ready to make a last desperate resistance. 
Lin Tian spoke again, “These people have poor hearing, survival of the fittest. I said, I will ensure you have enough to eat and wear, even with a seventy percent tax.” 
“But making us bear ten goblins? That’s absolutely impossible! Kill me if you want, but I won’t do it!” A girl stepped forward and said stubbornly. 
Lin Tian looked at this ‘girl,’ shrugged, “Alright then.” 
Then, he directly blasted her into ashes! 
However, many others began to resist. 
Indeed, they reached their breaking point; even death was preferable to giving birth to goblins and raising them. 
This was also why Alice was suppressed and hated for doing this. 
Seeing continuous killing wasn’t the solution. 
Lin Tian had to retreat to the back. 
The Holy Mother Katheryn slowly stepped forward, “Everyone~ I am the Holy Mother of the Church, Katheryn.” 
Her gentle voice, like a soothing spring rain, calmed the agitated hearts of the residents. 
Everyone became much calmer. 
“Giving birth to goblins, I know it’s unacceptable, but it will take at most two pregnancies, only two or three months, and goblins grow up in a month.” Katheryn continued. 
The crowd didn’t refute but looked very distressed. 
Katheryn kept persuading, “Everyone, if we do this, we can survive and even live better lives. Isn’t that good?” 
Gradually. 
Some people wavered. 
After all, the speaker was the Holy Mother, a maternal figure. 
Who could refuse her? 
However, some men were still reluctant to let their wives be humiliated, “Holy Mother, I’m sorry, but I still can’t agree!” 
Lin Tian frowned, ready to kill him. 
Katheryn stopped him, “It’s alright. Tell me, what would it take for you to accept?” 
“I… I don’t know.” 
The man was tearful and appeared extremely helpless. 
Likewise, many other men felt the same way. 
However, they didn’t dare say much to the Holy Mother, fearing they might disrespect her. 
Seeing the crowd in such a state. 
Katheryn took a deep breath and sighed in relief, “Everyone, I will also bear ten goblins as an example.” 
After speaking, she turned to Lin Tian. 
“Mr. Lin Tian, could you help me with this?” 
This left him a bit flustered, “Now, here?” 
He hadn’t yet found a suitable kidney for fusion. 
He couldn’t do it even if he wanted to. 
(Author’s Explanation: Some say the protagonist is useless. It’s not that he’s useless, but the author panicked. Earlier chapters were reported, so this setup is to give the protagonist a break. Constant high-speed action can be damaging, but rest assured, things will be okay later.) 
“Well, Holy Mother, we don’t need to rush to lead by example. How about tonight?” Lin Tian suggested. 
But Katheryn was resolute, “No, I must set an example. Only if everyone accepts the terms can we survive.” 
She began unbuttoning her clothes. 
“Enough, Holy Mother! We agree!” A man gritted his teeth, unable to bear it any longer. 
If he didn’t speak up, even his wife would agree first. 
Everyone was deeply moved and quickly agreed, “Holy Mother, you truly are a saint! We accept, please stop!” 
“Everyone… as long as we can survive, I’ll be content.” Katheryn looked at the crowd, feeling deeply gratified. 
However, she definitely intended to keep her word, so she would find Lin Tian later that night. 
The people were then allowed to return to their homes. 
They began repairing the damaged buildings. 
Lin Tian and the others entered the empire’s palace, feeling overwhelmed, “It’s truly luxurious. From now on, we’ll live here.” 
Looking at the magnificent architecture, he couldn’t help but remark, taking over really was satisfying! 
How long would it have taken to build it himself? 
“This place is much better than our previous damp and stinking tribe!” Gobu Kuang lay on the ground, stroking the cool marble floor. 
It felt like lying on ice. 
He was very content. 
Lin Tian also felt a bit of what real life was like. 
Even though he had become a goblin, it didn’t stop him from enjoying life. 
After struggling for nearly a year. 
Finally, he sat in the position he desired. 
Sitting slowly on the luxurious golden lion throne, he felt incredibly pleased. 
“Boss, Veronica has been imprisoned, and Rebecca is confined in a secret chamber awaiting childbirth.” 
At this moment, Gobu Jian approached respectfully. 
Lin Tian nodded, “Good. Did you follow my instructions? Make sure a few goblins take turns using the Demon Sealing Sword to continuously drain her magic. The goblins monitoring Rebecca must be castrated.” 
“Yes, as you instructed.” Gobu Jian responded. 
Only then did Lin Tian feel at ease. 
These two dangerous bombs had to be dealt with carefully, or the consequences would be unimaginable if they exploded. 
“Alright.” 
Lin Tian then began planning the empire’s development. 
He first designated areas for the goblins to live. 
Buildings within a few kilometers of the palace were exclusively for goblins; humans were not allowed near. 
Any incidents would be their own responsibility. 
As for food for the thousands of goblins, capturing livestock would suffice. 
Beef and mutton tasted delicious to goblins too. 
That night. 
Lin Tian organized a lively bonfire feast to reward his subordinates, offering thousands of cattle and sheep to eat freely. 
There were also young women for everyone’s entertainment. 
“Heh heh heh, isn’t Gobu Kuang happy about his evolution? Why isn’t he smiling now?” 
“Say that again, and he’ll start crying, haha!” 
Gobu Tian and Gobu Shan mocked while holding two fair-skinned beauties. 
Because. 
Gobu Kuang was now nearly five meters tall, completely mismatched with humans. In the future, he might have to seek monsters. 
Or perhaps the giant race. 
But for a long time, he could only watch others. 
“Woo woo woo, Boss! I want some too.” 
Finally, Gobu Kuang couldn’t hold back his tears and complained. 
Lin Tian sighed, “Get away from me. If you want some, don’t come to me. Can’t you bear it?” 
Bear it? 
How could he bear such a thing? 
Gobu Kuang now wanted to die, only able to watch others. 
Suddenly, Goblin Slayer had an idea, “If you evolve into a King variant, you might be able to shrink your body.” 
“Really?” 
Gobu Kuang, like a several-ton baby, wiped his tears and rejoiced. 
Goblin Slayer nodded, “As far as I know, King variants are about the same size as humans.” 
“Boss, I need to evolve quickly! Can you help?” Gobu Kuang clung to this hope. 
Lin Tian shook his head, “There are no monsters to eat now. In a few days, other empires will definitely come to attack us. Then you can devour and upgrade. Or wait until I develop the snow spirit farm.” 
Upon hearing this. 
Gobu Kuang could only turn his carnal desire into appetite, devouring roast beef and mutton. 
At that moment. 
Katheryn walked gracefully toward Lin Tian. 
In the dim firelight, her eyes were dreamy, with a faint pearly glow, extraordinarily charming. 
Her cheeks flushed as if she were a girl experiencing her first love. 
Which was actually true. 
The Holy Mother position required her to remain a pure maiden. 
“Mr. Lin Tian, could you help me now?” 
You can read extra chapters at <a href="https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/">Etude Translations</a> linked to Patreon! <a href="https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/">https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/</a> 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 120: Lonely Person, Lonely Tears · Gobu Kuang 
TL: Sungmin 
Lin Tian, who had been thinking about the affairs of tomorrow, suddenly froze. 
Only then did he notice Katheryn. 
Seeing her vibrant and alluring eyes, he couldn’t help but feel invigorated. 
“Oh, that… I’m still…” 
Lin Tian intended to refuse, as he had been busy until now and hadn’t yet fused a new kidney. 
He wanted to help but felt powerless. 
However, given the current situation, looking at Katheryn now, he had no reason to refuse. 
He stood up and said, “Wait a moment, I’ll be right back.” 
Katheryn was stunned, “Okay, okay…” 
Under the night sky. 
Lin Tian found his way to the palace’s carnivorous horse stable. Although most of them had been taken to the Laiyang Plains and died, there were still a few males left. 
These were all well-bred carnivorous horses. 
They were useless for many things but were quite capable in some. 
Seeing the strong, beautiful muscle lines on the horse’s body and the large grenades on its legs, Lin Tian knew he had chosen correctly. 
In this world, there might be something stronger than carnivorous horses, but for now, Lin Tian had to make do. 
He would definitely be ten times fiercer than before. 
With the flickering light of Abnormal Fusion, the horse’s kidney and Lin Tian’s kidney were swapped. 
“Snap!” 
Almost instantly, the strong legs of the carnivorous horse began to tremble, nearly causing it to collapse to the ground. 
It was so weak it couldn’t stand, only able to lean against the hay beside it, gasping for breath. 
“Damn, is it that serious, old horse? Not that exaggerated, right?” 
Lin Tian couldn’t help but sigh, but he indeed felt great! His back didn’t ache, and his legs didn’t hurt! 
Although the horse’s kidney was much larger than his, the Abnormal Fusion could change its shape to be exactly the same as his. 
The effect and ability wouldn’t change. 
Immediately, Lin Tian hurried towards Lionheart Square. 
He didn’t want to keep Katheryn waiting. 
She stood there like a beautiful pine tree on the steps. 
However, beside her, Alice seemed to be chatting with her. 
“You’re here. Alice, I’ll excuse myself for a moment.” 
Katheryn lowered her head, somewhat shy. 
She prepared to go with Lin Tian to the temple, where no one was. 
But at this moment, Alice unexpectedly called out, “Wait, Messenger, I have something to ask the Holy Mother, is that okay?” 
Lin Tian turned his head. Since she had said so, he could only wait. 
Katheryn’s panicked little heart was suddenly in disarray, having just mustered up her courage. 
Midway, it was deflated. 
The two started an awkward conversation, one sentence at a time. 
“Aren’t the stars less bright than before?” 
Alice stared blankly at the sky, speaking seriously. 
Katheryn’s expression was bitter, “Is… is that so?” 
Then Alice, very seriously, looked at her and asked, “The beef roasted by Gobu Yue seems a bit burnt, I don’t think it’s tasty.” 
“It seems… a bit, Princess Alice, what exactly do you want to say?” 
Even as the Holy Mother, she couldn’t take it anymore. 
Who could endure such an awkward conversation for over an hour? 
Alice was momentarily speechless, not knowing how to answer. 
Anyway, the atmosphere was so awkward it could create a three-bedroom apartment. 
Katheryn seemed to realize, “You–are you stopping me and Lin Tian? This is inevitable, and I don’t mind. As long as the residents can survive, I am willing to do anything.” 
After saying this, she prepared to leave with Lin Tian. 
“Wait, I didn’t mean that. The Messenger’s health has been poor lately, he might not be able to.” 
Alice, at this moment, blushed like a little girl and lowered her head. 
Her intention was not to pity Katheryn. 
Rather, she didn’t want to see Katheryn and Lin Tian engage in that kind of relationship. 
After all, she had borne a child for Lin Tian. In the true sense, Lin Tian was her husband. 
So, she was jealous. 
Lin Tian seemed to realize, “Alice, are you jealous?” 
“I’m not!” Alice immediately denied it. 
But seeing her blushing face in the firelight, even a fool could tell what she was thinking. 
Lin Tian didn’t press the matter further, “You’ve worked hard for so long, let’s go to the empire’s palace.” 
“Ah? I… you… but… how can… I meant, isn’t your health problematic? Won’t it be overloading?” Alice was flustered, speaking incoherently. 
Lin Tian patted his chest, “Don’t worry about that.” 
Just like that, the three disappeared into the darkness. 
Unbeknownst to them, Gobu Slayer had secretly followed them. 
Lia, with her keen eyes, surely didn’t miss it. She said concernedly, “Little Yue, that guy hasn’t taken care of you in a long time. He really doesn’t know how to care for people.” 
Not just Gobu Yue, Lin Tian hadn’t taken care of anyone these past few months. 
“Huh? I’m here, Sister Lia…” 
Gobu Yue was stunned for a moment, then followed along with some excitement. 
… 
On the dark and cold steps of Lionheart Square. 
A lonely person was shedding lonely tears. 
Gobu Kuang’s sorrow flowed like a river, “I really deserve to die, why did I greedily eat those few monsters, sob, sob…” 
But thinking that Lin Tian would surely help him evolve sooner, his heart felt much more at ease. 
Suddenly. 
In the empire’s palace, a few hundred meters behind the square, there seemed to be some noise. 
Gobu Kuang perked up his ears, listening carefully, “Huh? Why does it sound like Lady Alice? And the newcomer Katheryn, and Gobu Yue?!” 
“What is that sound, what are they doing?” 
As he was thinking! 
Gobu Kuang suddenly understood. 
The whole person seemed petrified, standing dazedly in place, with tears streaming down his eyes, “Waaah! Why am I always the one getting hurt?” 
You can read extra chapters at <a href="https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/">Etude Translations</a> linked to Patreon! <a href="https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/">https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/</a> 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 121: Coalition, Three Hundred Thousand Strong Army! 
TL: Sungmin 
The next morning. 
Everyone felt unprecedentedly refreshed! 
They gathered in the square again, preparing to eat breakfast. 
As Goblin Slayer sliced bread, she sighed, “Lin Tian, why does it feel like you’ve gotten much stronger over these past few months?” 
“I feel the same, really!” Lia chimed in agreement. 
Gobu Yue’s face turned slightly red; she usually did not discuss such matters. 
She busied herself with her own tasks. 
Katheryn also approached, her legs trembling, “Good morning, everyone… good morning…” 
Seeing Lin Tian, she instinctively blushed and avoided his gaze. 
She didn’t dare look directly at him. 
Alice, on the other hand, stood silently nearby, acting as if nothing had happened. 
After preparing breakfast for thousands of goblins, Lin Tian instructed, “Gobu Kuang, call everyone to eat. From now on, they need to eat more carbs and meat for breakfast to become smarter and stronger.” 
Such strict regulations were necessary to change the combat capabilities of low-level goblins. 
Otherwise, even with high production, it would be a waste of resources if they were ineffective. 
“Where’s Gobu Kuang?” 
Lin Tian suddenly realized that Gobu Kuang was nowhere to be seen. 
In the distance, Gobu Tian shouted, “Over here!” 
Upon approaching, Lin Tian found Gobu Kuang curled up on the ground, his eyes filled with tears, “Boss, is there any meaning to my life anymore?” 
“Wow, you’ve even evolved to have suicidal thoughts.” 
Lin Tian didn’t know whether to laugh or cry. He kicked Gobu Kuang lightly, “Stop complaining here, let’s go eat.” 
“Eat? Coming!” 
At the mention of food, Gobu Kuang’s eyes cleared up, and he was instantly rejuvenated. 
After breakfast, Lin Tian planned to officially reap the victory of the Lionheart Empire. 
He first instructed, “Your Holiness, take some of the residents to the towns and villages within the Lionheart Empire’s territory and explain the situation of the new empire.” 
Simply relying on the lord to relay the message wouldn’t work. 
Many people wouldn’t accept or believe it. 
He had to have the Holy Mother ride a dragon, with Alice, to convey the message. 
Taking Alice along was necessary; if anyone dared to cause trouble, they needed to eliminate the troublemaker immediately. 
“No problem.” 
Katheryn nodded and set off immediately. 
The sooner the propaganda, the better. Humans would accept it faster, allowing goblins to be deployed to various towns for breeding. 
A new round of strength expansion. 
As for the others, they went about their usual tasks. 
Lin Tian began the life simulation to predict the future trajectory of the Goblin Empire and skip the tedious waiting time. 
“System, start the life simulation.” 
[Life Simulation System starting. Current scenario: Establishing the Goblin Nation 
With your arduous efforts, you finally destroyed the Great Tomb and the Church, seizing the Lionheart Empire. 
Holy Mother Katheryn started spreading the word about the Goblin Empire and the conditions for coexisting with humans. 
The results were promising. Seeing the Holy Mother, the residents within the empire eventually agreed. 
However, unexpectedly, on the fourth day, the Sword Kingdom, the Clover Kingdom, and the Four-Leaf Clover Kingdom besieged the nascent Goblin Empire. 
Choice 1: Fight, Score 100 
Choice 2: Shut the gates and negotiate, Score 10 
Choice 3: Sense danger and flee, Score 0] 
Just as the simulation began, Lin Tian was startled by the sudden turn of events, “Damn, are you kidding me? I expected other empires to come, but why suddenly three?!” 
At this point, he had no choice but to choose to fight and see if he could gather information about the enemy’s forces. 
[Facing the human invasion, you chose to fight proudly. 
Unfortunately, no matter how strong you were, against a coalition of three hundred thousand troops, it was a futile struggle. 
After killing tens of thousands of enemies, your entire army was annihilated. 
The newly established Goblin Empire declared its fall.] 
Summary: Facing decisive enemies, you had no chance to breathe. 
Score: 20 out of 100 
Reward: Life Points x20 
This life simulation is complete, covering a time span of 4 days.] 
Upon seeing this, Lin Tian frowned. 
Three hundred thousand troops! 
A coalition of three kingdoms was not just an unwinnable battle at the lower levels, but likely at the higher levels too. 
There must have been many strong opponents. 
Lin Tian’s face was solemn. The nation had just been founded, not even officially established. 
The king’s throne was still warm. 
Suddenly, Lin Tian thought of something. He went to the teleportation array connecting the royal city and the depths of the Great Tomb and teleported directly. 
Due to the great distance between these two places, he had the Holy Mother establish a teleportation array for convenience. 
He was seeking not anyone else, but the Cannibal Eagle. 
“Bird Brother, you know the situation, right? I need your help.” 
In the Cannibal Eagle Tribe, Lin Tian spoke with a deep tone. 
Hearing this, the Cannibal Eagle hesitated for a second before finally nodding, “Don’t worry, our tribe will live and die with you!” 
Facing three hundred thousand human soldiers and the elite forces of three empires was undoubtedly a death sentence. 
Lin Tian was taken aback, “I haven’t finished yet. I don’t need you and your tribe to fight. We can’t win even if we do.” 
“Then what is it?” 
“Under the World Tree lives an ancient dragon. I need you to find a dragon named Nidhogg, a mostly black dragon. Tell her that her father needs help.” Lin Tian continued to explain. 
The Cannibal Eagle looked incredulous, “No way, go to the Ancient Dragon Tribe??! I’ll get killed immediately in that place, and who is Nidhogg?” 
“She’s my descendant.” Lin Tian replied indifferently. 
In an instant, the Cannibal Eagle’s face was filled with disbelief, “No way, you hooked up with an ancient dragon? You’re amazing, Lin Tian!” 
“Haha, Bird Brother, time is of the essence. You better go and return quickly.” Lin Tian laughed and then grew serious. 
They only had four days. 
He didn’t have a flying mount. Even riding Xiao Huan wouldn’t be fast enough; it was too slow. 
So, the Cannibal Eagle was the best choice. 
With Blade of Wings, he was nearly the speed of sound. 
“Okay, but you must hold on. If I can’t return in time, you need to leave Lion King City immediately.” 
The Cannibal Eagle finished speaking and soared into the sky. 
He headed towards the World Tree. 
Back in Lion King City. 
Lin Tian gathered everyone again and advised them not to go out during this period. 
There were likely scouts from other empires outside the city. 
“Boss, what’s going on?” 
In the temple, Gobu Kuang couldn’t help but ask. 
The others were equally puzzled. 
Lin Tian didn’t hide anything and directly explained that a three-hundred-thousand-strong army would soon besiege the city. 
This force was undoubtedly stronger than the Laiyang Plains battle. 
With only a few thousand goblins now, how could they fight against three hundred thousand? 
Hearing this, Gobu Yue was a bit scared, “Aren’t we leaving?” 
“Don’t worry, I have a plan.” 
Lin Tian said as he walked towards the secret chamber where Veronica was imprisoned. 
As long as Little Black could come, they could surely crush this army. Three hundred thousand, even three million, would be nothing. 
The most terrifying thing about dragons was their destructive power. 
One breath of dragon flame could kill tens of thousands. 
What kind of nation would dare use soldiers against a dragon? Maybe the strongest empire. 
Looking across this continent, the Sword Kingdom and others could only be considered medium-sized empires. 
“Boss.” 
Outside the underground secret chamber, Gobu Jian was standing guard and greeted respectfully. 
Lin Tian nodded, “Is she okay?” 
“According to your instructions, we extract her magic power every hour.” Gobu Jian answered. 
“Good.” 
Lin Tian pushed open the door. Veronica was bound by chains in the center of the room, with a goblin wielding a Sealing Sword beside her. 
“Boss, why are you here?” 
Lin Tian waved his hand and got straight to the point, “How are you, Demon Lord?” 
“Hmph, why? Are you being kind enough to visit me? Or are you in trouble?” Veronica sneered. 
Lin Tian couldn’t help but admire, “As expected of you, you guessed right. I need your body.” 
To be safe, that was what he said. 
Using Veronica as a mascot to intimidate the Sword Kingdom and others. 
After all, she was a famous demon on the continent, and they surely knew her. 
“My body? What are you going to do, goblin? Don’t be too shameless. My body is just bones now. What can you do…” Veronica said angrily. 
Lin Tian snorted. She was naturally seductive, but now, with no flesh, there was no way to start. 
He threatened, “If you cooperate, you won’t be humiliated. If you refuse, I don’t mind turning into a dog and tasting some bones. 
Speaking of which, even without flesh, the gaps in your bones…” 
“Enough! Just tell me what you want me to do!” Veronica shouted in shame and anger. 
Lin Tian didn’t rush to tell her. He continued to threaten, “If you have any crooked thoughts, I don’t mind killing Rebecca immediately. You know I will.” 
Goblins wouldn’t be merciful. 
Those who should die, none would be spared. 
Those with value, Lin Tian wouldn’t let them eat for free. They had to be fully utilized. 
… 
Three days later. 
In the Torre Mountains, ten kilometers outside Lion King City. 
The mighty coalition army was advancing rapidly. 
The entire mountain range was shrouded in the dust kicked up by the infantry and cavalry! 
Birds and beasts fled in panic. 
The key was the sky was also dark with a large group. 
Soldiers from the Clover Magic Kingdom all used magic. 
They flew on brooms or other strange objects. 
But their speed was about the same as a brisk walk. 
Sword Saint Edward rode a white warhorse at the forefront, his expression solemn and grim. 
Why grim? 
Because above his head, the Gilbert brothers were each riding a pair of beautiful women. 
Such a scene, so indulgent and lewd. 
Edward couldn’t bear to look. 
Flying magic could be cast on any object to make it fly. The larger the object and the heavier the load, the more magic power it consumed. 
“Your Majesty, there are no soldiers or monsters in Lion King City. Just as we thought, we can start the battle directly!” A scout riding a giant mosquito reported. 
In the Sword Kingdom, the giant gold-bellied mosquito was about the size of a person, capable of low-altitude rapid flight. 
It could also climb walls. 
Its flight was very quiet. 
It was often used for reconnaissance. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 122: The Oppressive Presence of Three Ancient Dragons! 
TL: Sungmin 
“Prince Gilbert, it’s about time. Let’s go directly!” Edward said coldly. 
He drew his longsword and swung it forward, “Advance!” 
The army continued to move forward! 
Unstoppable! 
An army of three hundred thousand, like a giant dragon crossing the river! 
Even though they were still four or five kilometers away, the people inside the royal city began to feel an inexplicable sense of unease. 
On the city wall, Lin Tian could already see, “Have they come? They sure are impatient. Since they want to kill me, they can’t blame me for killing them.” 
The army quickly arrived outside the city! 
The terrifying morale pressure was like a giant beast that covered the sky! 
It could devour the entire city with just one bite! 
“Oh my God, so many, so many human soldiers!” 
“It’s really despicable, taking advantage of us just after our battle when we have no troops. Otherwise, we would crush them like beans!” 
“Boss, what should we do?” 
Gobu Kuang and the others said helplessly. 
Lin Tian gestured for them to calm down, “Everyone, restore your spirits and state. Don’t let them look down on you.” 
“Monsters, today is your death day! Surrender immediately and wait for death; do not make unnecessary struggles!” 
Five hundred meters from the city. 
Edward shouted while riding his warhorse, his voice booming like thunder! 
He was full of confidence. 
Gilbert was still riding his mount in the air, but he started to take things a bit more seriously. 
His attention was drawn to Alice, Katheryn, Lia, and Goblin Slayer. 
To hold the fort, he had them return to the city first. 
“Brother, look! Those two women are so beautiful! And there’s an extremely mature elf too! Tsk tsk tsk!” 
Gilbert licked his lips, speaking excitedly. 
He was not here to fight a war. 
But to pick women. 
Gilbert was the same, “That woman seems to be the Sword Saintess of the Lionheart Empire, right? I heard she’s the strongest young one. I kind of want to conquer her.” 
Hearing this. 
Edward snapped, “Enough! Do you two know what the situation is right now?” 
Mainly because he was interested in Alice. He had endured it before, but now he couldn’t anymore. 
Gilbert retorted disdainfully, “Tch, it’s just a bunch of goblins, right? As for the owner of the Great Tomb, I want to see how powerful her magic skills are!” 
As he finished speaking! 
The sky was covered by massive magic arrays! 
It was evident they were world-class magic, a total of four magic arrays. 
However, they were not fully activated. 
It was merely a threat. 
“Veronica, come out. I’ll end the feud between you, the Lionheart Empire, and the Church today!” 
Edward declared openly, his aura oppressive. 
Unfortunately, he did not get the response he wanted. 
Only Lin Tian spoke indifferently, “Stop shouting. I’m the one you have to face.” 
“Did I give you permission to speak? Disgusting goblin! Shut up!” 
Edward yelled, eyes full of killing intent. 
Gilbert and his brother were also displeased, “Veronica is a legendary figure who has dominated for hundreds of years, yet she has goblins as her subordinates? She must be blind.” 
Listening to their disdain. 
Lin Tian pushed the person next to him into the air, suspending them in midair. 
Edward and the others looked confused, not understanding what he was doing. 
But when they saw the person’s face clearly, their expressions froze! 
“Ve-Veronica?! Wait, am I seeing things? How is this possible!” 
Edward said in disbelief. 
They thought she was their strongest opponent, the main culprit behind occupying the Lionheart Empire. 
Now, she was being treated like a lowly subordinate. 
Gilbert and his brother also became serious, “What’s going on? Am I hallucinating?” 
“Despicable goblin, let me go!” 
They heard Veronica’s voice. 
At this moment, they realized they were not mistaken. 
The master of the Great Tomb. 
Was being half-suspended in midair by a goblin! 
Edward’s mind was in a fog, “What’s going on? Veronica, is it really you?!” 
“Another group coming to die? Humph, this makes me feel a bit better.” Veronica cooperated and said. 
This statement. 
Contained too much information, like an alarm bell ringing in Edward and the others’ minds. 
It was incredibly hard to believe. 
“You were defeated by a goblin? Wasn’t it you who occupied the Lionheart Empire?” Edward couldn’t help but ask. 
As he spoke, he glared at the scout next to him. 
The scout was also helpless, “Your Majesty, the battle on the Laiyang Plain was like a clash of gods. I wouldn’t dare look; even kilometers away, we’d be affected. But with monsters entering the city, I could only guess that Veronica won.” 
Even Gilbert and his brother showed vigilant expressions. 
A goblin that could defeat a monster like Veronica. 
Unusual! 
It was extremely unusual! 
Even the most foolish would know that something was amiss. 
No longer daring to be arrogant and boastful, they withdrew to the back of the army. 
“Are you going to fight or not? You can leave, but let me tell you, sooner or later, you will bury your empire with you!” 
Lin Tian’s eyes were cold as he scanned Edward and the others. 
At this moment. 
A scout reported, “Your Majesty, indeed, there are no soldiers inside the city, nor a large number of monsters, only a few thousand goblins, and they are very weak.” 
“Do you not understand the situation? Weak, yet Veronica is captured and held as a prisoner. Even if there were only one goblin, I wouldn’t dare be careless.” Edward said irritably. 
Suddenly, he thought of something, “Wait! Could you be the goblin that caused havoc in Bright Town of the Lionheart Empire a while ago?” 
“Oh? You recognize me?” Lin Tian’s eyes lit up. 
Edward felt even more shocked, “In just about a year, you have usurped the Lionheart Empire? How could you grow so fast?!” 
“This goblin?!” 
“Impossible, this defies all logic!” 
Gilbert and his brother were also greatly shocked. 
At the previous imperial summit, they had mocked Charles II, whose country had been thrown into chaos by a group of goblins. 
Now, it was not just chaos. 
The nation had fallen! 
The first country in history to be destroyed by goblins. 
It was a disgrace to humanity! 
Edward hesitated, “Let’s retreat first and discuss the situation.” 
“Damn it, what are we afraid of? Let’s charge and wipe away the disgrace to humanity, and then take those beautiful women by his side!” Gilbert said reluctantly. 
Even if they were afraid, they had to fight because he was confident he could escape. 
The key was not to let those exceptional women be ruined by goblins. 
But Edward remained cautious, “I said, do not act rashly.” 
“If you won’t act, then I’ll go first. World-Class Magic · Hell Forest!” 
“Brother, there are so many. You can’t enjoy them all by yourself. Leave some for your little brother, World-Class Magic · Omishu’s Field of Extreme Evil!” 
They didn’t care about anything else, their eyes only focused on Alice, Katheryn, and the others. 
If they truly couldn’t handle it they could just run. 
After all, it wasn’t their lives at stake. 
Gigantic magic arrays began to gather in front of the city. 
Lin Tian’s eyes were filled with vigilance. Holding the Spear of Zeus, he checked their attribute panels. 
[Gilbert: Lv99<br/>
Race: Human<br/>
Profession: Archmage<br/>
Title: Mage Family, World Master, Severely Deficient in Kidney Strength…<br/>
Health: 2300<br/>
Strength: 1400<br/>
Defense: 900<br/>
Skills: Hell Forest, Franrik’s Green Vine Illusion, Vincent’s Explosive Feast…<br/>
Equipment: Turan Magic Stone<br/>
Overall: 9000] 
Gilberts had similar stats, with a combat power of 8900. 
After all, they were brothers, with the same personality, 
Their combat power naturally wouldn’t differ much. 
Just as they were about to cast their magic, a deafening dragon roar sounded in the distant sky! 
The sound rippled through the air, causing massive waves. 
It startled them so much that they stopped their spells. 
Looking up. 
A colossal black silhouette that blotted out the sky passed overhead! 
Nothing could be seen except the dazzling reflective black dragon scales and the overwhelming dragon might. 
“Shhh!” 
As the giant dragon passed by, it stirred up a storm! 
The tens of thousands of mages in the air were blown all over the place, crashing to the ground. 
They were utterly miserable. 
Gilbert was terrified, “What is that? A dragon? How can a dragon be so large!” 
“Everyone, stay alert and spread out! It’s an ancient dragon! And a thousand-meter-class one!!!” 
Suddenly, Edward shouted, telling the soldiers to disperse. 
If a single breath of dragon fire hit them. 
Many would die! 
Seeing the little black Nidhogg in the sky, Lin Tian was somewhat astonished, “In just a few months, it’s grown to a thousand meters? Truly terrifying.” 
“Why is there an ancient dragon here!” 
Gilbert and the others were in a panic, hiding among the soldiers on the ground. 
Now. 
Only one creature dared to fly in the sky, and that was the dragon. 
They wouldn’t dare challenge a dragon’s authority. 
Edward had no choice but to go all out, “Damn it, prepare to slay the dragon! Today, I will become a dragon-slaying hero that shocks the continent!” 
“Roar!!!” 
As soon as he finished speaking, another terrifying dragon roar erupted! 
It directly made him wilt. 
From the clouds. 
Two massive figures plummeted towards the tens of thousands of coalition troops! 
Just a few meters away, they pulled up and flew! 
The air pressure forced the soldiers to crouch, unable to lift their heads! 
Lin Tian was slightly surprised, “Scar is here too, and that white dragon covered in lightning.” 
These two dragons weren’t a thousand meters long, but they were still seven to eight hundred meters. 
And they were powerful warriors among the ancient dragon race. 
The three dragons carefully landed on the city wall, barely able to stand. 
But each move they made caused the wall to tremble as if it was about to collapse. 
“Impossible…these three ancient dragons are actually standing with the goblins?!” 
Edward’s eyes widened. He thought they were random dragons. 
But it was clear they were here to help the enemy! 
He felt like his head was about to explode. 
It made no sense! 
The proud and powerful ancient dragons chose to side with the goblins! 
What had the world gone through in such a short time? 
Gilbert and his brother were terrified, “Damn it, brother, let’s escape and find the Dragon Slayer Guild!” 
In such a situation, they wouldn’t dare be arrogant anymore. 
The oppressive presence of three terrifying dragons. 
They had to leave it to the professionals. 
That was the Dragon Slayer Guild on the continent, which was said to have killed over ten ancient dragons. 
“Trying to escape? Scared now? This isn’t a place where you can come and go as you please.” Lin Tian said coldly, with an evil smile. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 123: Dragon Crystals, Dragon Slayer Guild! 
TL: Sungmin 
“Father, a birdman came asking for my help, saying you were in danger. I didn’t expect there would really be ants daring to cause you trouble.” As Little Black spoke, he cast a fierce and venomous gaze over the hundreds of thousands of troops. 
The ground shook as he paced the city walls! 
The soldiers were so terrified that their courage nearly shattered. 
“What! Father?!?!” Upon hearing this, Edward was stunned. 
This was a goblin? Could goblins actually have relations with ancient dragons? 
The world had changed! 
Veronica also realized, “Could this guy be the god the black witch mentioned? No way, how could a goblin become a god, Alice? Katheryn? But they were all so ordinary…” 
The more she thought about it, the more frightened she became. 
If this goblin continued to grow, she might not be able to defeat him even if she escaped. 
Just the dragons in front of her were not something to be trifled with. 
“Isn’t that Scar? The dragon our allied forces fought nine years ago!” Suddenly, Gilbert recalled. 
Alice was slightly surprised and turned her head, “The dragon is actually on our side now. As expected of the messenger.” 
The top forces from various empires had once joined forces to hunt Scar. 
The battle had been deadly. 
But they had managed to subdue Scar. 
Now, to see him here, even stronger! 
Edward looked at the white dragon surrounded by lightning, his expression heavy, “Just Scar and that thousand-meter-long unknown dragon are hard enough to deal with, and now the legendary Thunder Calamity, which killed millions seventy years ago, has appeared too…” 
“What kind of goblin is this!” 
Wherever Thunder Calamity went, unimaginable thunderstorms and heavy rains followed. 
The random lightning strikes could destroy everything, and the rain could cause floods. 
Hence the name Thunder Calamity. 
Every ancient dragon was a formidable existence. 
Even Katheryn was stunned. Despite her experience with grand events, the sight of several dragons exuding a suffocating dragon aura made her soul tremble. 
It felt as though her life was constantly threatened, a single misstep could mean death at their hands. 
“Little Black, Scar, please crush these bugs for me. You’ve been holding back for so long; any trouble today is on me. Go all out!” 
Lin Tian looked down disdainfully at Edward and the others. 
The dragons, having suppressed their nature for survival, were finally free to release it and certainly wouldn’t hold back. 
Suddenly. 
Edward quickly said, “Wait, maybe we can negotiate. There’s no need for a massacre, causing unnecessary losses, right?” 
He was now completely panicked. 
It wasn’t fear for himself. 
But for the potential waste of hundreds of thousands of troops. 
Gilbert and his brother also bowed respectfully, “Lord Goblin, we know your tastes. In the future, in our Magic Kingdom, you can enjoy as many cosplay girls dressed as magic apprentices as you like!” 
Lin Tian sneered, “Do you misunderstand what unnecessary loss means? Isn’t the situation one-sided now? Besides, once you’re exterminated, won’t the Magic Kingdom be mine?” 
They had many soldiers. 
But he had none on his side. 
He just needed the dragons to slaughter their soldiers en masse, and they would be the ones suffering in the end. 
Edward and the others were drenched in sweat. 
Gilbert and his brother were almost in tears. They represented a nation. 
If they fought, twenty thousand troops would die instantly. 
Half of their national power would be gone. 
“Lord Goblin, please don’t be rash. How about I help you cool down first?” Gilbert spoke. 
He activated an extremely rare super-tier magic, ‘Shape-shifting Technique.’ 
In an instant, he turned into a youthful, beautiful magic-transforming girl. 
Her figure was entirely different from before. 
Slim and cute. 
Gilbert also transformed into a little girl. 
Edward felt utterly disgusted, “These guys are kings, how can they be so shameless?” 
If negotiations were possible, fine, but not at the cost of their dignity. 
“You guys are truly disgusting. Little Black, take action!” 
Lin Tian’s face darkened, feeling subjected to the most eye-searing torture ever! 
At least his preferences were normal. 
These shells hid revolting, burly men, both bizarre and nauseating. 
Three ancient dragons flapped their wings violently. 
They soared into the sky, stirring up massive hurricanes! 
Little Black had grown to a thousand meters in length, with a wingspan of three thousand meters! 
A true sky-covering presence! 
The three dragons circled above the hundreds of thousands of soldiers, who were now too scared to move. 
Where could they run? 
Even a thousand steps couldn’t outpace a single wing flap. 
The magical soldiers, due to the chaotic airflow, couldn’t float. Flying up only to be knocked down. 
Falling hard. 
Thirty thousand soldiers scrambled on the ground, not knowing what to do. 
The dragons circled but did not attack immediately. 
“Nidhogg, did you forget the Dragon King’s order? We can’t attack humans again, or we will face another crusade!” Scar hesitated. 
Little Black didn’t see it that way. “Now, I am protecting my father. Is there a problem with that?” 
“Scar, I said I would take responsibility for this. Even if they bring people from the Dragon Slayer Guild, I wouldn’t hesitate to help you destroy them.” Lin Tian’s expression was serious. 
As long as he targeted prey, he wouldn’t stop until it was eliminated. 
Moreover, the existence of the Dragon Slayer Guild posed a significant threat to his future control over the ancient dragon clan. 
Now, the Dragon King had likely given birth to his children. 
With Little Black added to the mix, the ancient dragon clan would be at his command in the future. 
Upon hearing this. 
Scar hesitated, then aimed below and unleashed a torrent of scorching dragon fire! 
It exploded like a missile! 
The soldiers’ screams echoed, but only those who survived could cry out. 
Those engulfed by the dragon flames didn’t even have the chance to scream! 
Over 10,000 vanished on the spot. 
Tens of thousands scattered in panic. 
Edward’s face was dark, his teeth clenched in hatred yet helpless, “Damn goblin! I won’t let you get away with this!!!” 
With that, he began to retreat with several subordinates. 
The remaining soldiers were left to their own luck. 
In this chaos, no formation could be saved; it was better to retreat than be completely annihilated. 
Gilbert and his brother joined forces, unable to watch twenty thousand soldiers perish. 
The Magic Kingdom would be severely weakened. 
“World-class magic: Hela Vine!” 
Five magic circles formed on the ground, and thick vines sprouted rapidly, reaching towards Little Black. 
Unfortunately, her massive body easily tore them apart. 
But the vines were incredibly resilient, regrowing immediately after being broken. 
Seeing this, Little Black breathed out a destructive dragon flame, withering everything it touched! All life was extinguished. 
Soldiers struggled as their flesh decayed rapidly before collapsing like dried corpses. 
“What element is this dragon?! Let’s flee, brother! We have no experience in dragon slaying; we need professionals!” 
Gilbert’s pupils shrank in fear as he cast an ultimate magic, “Shadow Tribe Boots!” 
Black boots appeared on his feet, propelling him hundreds of meters away in an instant! 
The brothers quickly caught up with Edward. 
Gilbert cursed angrily, “Your Majesty Edward, aren’t you too cowardly to still call yourself a Sword Saint?!” 
“Are you mad? Daring to face a thousand-meter-long dragon? In history, which dragon slaying didn’t involve a dozen or more top-tier fighters?” Edward retorted irritably, thinking the brothers were fools. 
The only way to settle this grudge was to find the Dragon Slayer Guild to kill the three dragons and then raise an army to take down Lion King City. 
Gilbert and his brother deeply regretted their earlier thoughts of seizing the beauties beside Lin Tian. Now, they had lost twenty thousand soldiers and failed to capture the Wind Spirit. 
Outside the city. 
Soldiers fled in despair, their king having abandoned them. 
“Damn it, Your Majesty, why didn’t you save us!” 
“Weren’t we told this would be an easy victory? Damn Edward!” 
“Damn Gilbert and Gilberts, I won’t forgive you!” 
The soldiers could only die helplessly, burned to ash! 
Their desperate cries and curses echoed continuously. 
Abandoned to die, with their commander fleeing, was more disheartening than death! 
There was nowhere to escape. 
Even running thousands of meters wouldn’t save them from the approaching flames! 
Hatred and anger grew. 
Until the battlefield was strewn with corpses, only one or two thousand soldiers escaped. 
Only then did the voices of resentment cease. 
However, 
The hatred they bore before death lingered around the royal city. 
Lin Tian could clearly feel the oppressive, eerie atmosphere, like a lingering fog. 
It enveloped Lion King City. 
“These grievances, won’t they turn them into spirits?” 
Lin Tian muttered to himself with a frown. 
For now, at least the crisis from the alliance was averted. 
And the tens of thousands of charred soldier corpses— 
They could be used as experience points! 
It was a net gain! 
Little Black and the others had slaughtered the soldiers like humans stepping on ants. 
“Father, some scattered humans escaped. Should we pursue them?” Little Black landed on the city wall and asked. 
Lin Tian waved his hand, “No need. Thank you all. What about the Purple-Gold Dragon Mother? Has her condition improved?” 
Scar spoke up, “We came to watch over Nidhogg, and also because of this.” 
“Mother is a crystal dragon, and her life source is dragon crystals. She cannot leave the World Tree. Father, can you think of a solution?” Little Black answered, visibly saddened. 
Lin Tian frowned slightly. Dragon crystals? 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 124: One-Eyed Owl, President of the Dragon Slayers 
TL: Sungmin 
“I know where to find this thing, but…” Alice suddenly spoke up. 
Hearing this, Little Black transformed into her humanoid form. Despite her body already being a kilometer long, the humanoid form still looked like a child. 
Scar and Thunder Calamity also shifted to their humanoid forms. 
The dragon lived up to its name. 
Scar wore brown armor, resembling a middle-aged man with many scars on his face. 
Thunder Calamity had white hair, looking as striking as a beautiful man. 
Little Black quickly asked, “Big Sis, hurry and tell me!” 
Big Sis… 
Alice wanted to retort in her mind, thinking she wasn’t older than Little Black, but she explained, “Of course, it’s the Dragon Slayer Guild. I remember their trophy museum has the largest dragon crystal.” 
This guild had a heritage spanning over a thousand years. 
It wasn’t bound by any nation and was even on par with the Empire. 
The guild members were top-notch fighters or extreme individuals. 
They often showcased the prey they killed as trophies for others to see, symbolizing their honor. 
They had killed countless dragons, but they didn’t limit themselves to just dragons. 
Powerful monsters were also their targets. 
Over time, they accumulated so many trophies that they opened a museum. 
“The Dragon Slayer Guild? Where is it? I’ll go right now!” Little Black said excitedly, without any hesitation. 
Everyone almost fainted. 
You are a dragon. 
And that place is called the Dragon Slayer Guild! 
Isn’t that walking into the lion’s den? 
Alice was also helpless, “Although you’re very strong, there are many powerful experts there, and there’s a renowned One-Eyed Owl whose strength even the old pope couldn’t match.” 
“One-Eyed Owl? That guy was from the Dragon Slayer Guild? She tried to hunt me down a few times.” 
At this moment, the voice of Veronica, who was hanging on the city wall, rang out. 
Lin Tian then realized and pulled her up, “Thank you for your hard work, although it didn’t help much.” 
Veronica’s face was cold, and then she said, “She is a very formidable woman, wild and unrestrained, with beautifully toned muscles and healthy, strong brown skin…” 
As she spoke, her face was full of longing. 
Being a lesbian, she couldn’t help but admire a woman with such strong masculine attributes. 
Of course, she said so much purely to answer Alice and the adorable Little Black. 
Lin Tian directly had Gobu Jian capture and lock her up. 
She said so much without getting to the point. 
“Wait, I still want to see Alice and this dragon. Katheryn seems nice too. Help me regain my strength, and I can make you happy!” Veronica resisted strongly, her eyes staring intently at them. 
Lin Tian frowned slightly, “Then give us some useful information.” 
But when looking at Lin Tian, Veronica was utterly disdainful, “Hmph, I won’t tell…” 
Before she finished speaking. 
Little Black tugged at her cloak, looking up at her with big eyes, “Can you tell me more about the One-Eyed Owl?” 
“One-Eyed Owl, real name Elizabeth Tilly, female. 
Age 29, dark skin, likes challenging powerful prey. 
Height 180, measurements 100, 60, 90…” 
Veronica answered seriously. 
Scar’s face darkened, and he shouted, “Get to the point!” 
“Wait!” 
Lin Tian raised his hand to interrupt him, “This is also a point, ahem.” 
From the description, she was a dark-skinned muscular beauty with a great figure. 
“She’s a half-god and human hybrid, essentially a demi-god. Her strength is not inferior to mine. It’s said she has now become the president of the Dragon Slayer Guild, located in the War Empire’s capital.” Veronica continued explaining. 
Upon hearing this, they finally got some crucial information. 
War Empire? 
Lin Tian thought carefully, realizing the Dwarf Kingdom was within this region. 
Their mythological system seemed to be Greek mythology, associated with Zeus and his cohort. 
This empire was not to be trifled with. 
It was among the top superpowers on the continent. 
Why? 
Because they had many top-tier experts, all demi-gods created by Zeus, Poseidon, Ares, and the like. 
To put it nicely, they were illegitimate children; not so nicely, they were bastards. 
But they possessed real divine power and exceptional combat abilities. 
“Alright, Scar, let’s go!” Little Black decided immediately to set off. 
But Scar and Thunder Calamity remained unmoved, looking bitter. 
They had no confidence in fighting demi-god hybrids. 
Lin Tian also stopped her, “Things aren’t as simple as you think. Leave the dragon crystal matter to me. You all should go back or stay here for a couple of days.” 
“But…” 
Little Black still didn’t give up. To her, you wouldn’t know if you could win until you tried. 
Lin Tian pushed her towards the square to get some food. 
He was well aware of Little Black’s battle capabilities. 
Her combat power was currently at 9000, a growth rate that was astonishing. 
But even she couldn’t defeat the One-Eyed Owl, Veronica said. 
Her combat power must be over 10,000, and she specialized in slaying dragons. 
It would only lead to death. 
Having over 10,000 versus not even reaching 10,000 made a world of difference. 
“Gobu Yue, entertain our guests.” Lin Tian ordered, roasting a large quantity of beef and mutton.  
They didn’t have such things to eat under the World Tree. 
Beef and mutton were considered top delicacies. 
Then, he called a large number of goblins to handle the soldiers’ corpses. 
There were tens of thousands of them, and even with thousands of goblins, it was a huge task. 
After a busy day, evening came. 
Gobu Kuang was very excited, finally having something to devour to evolve into a king variant. 
He was the most diligent in collecting the corpses. 
“Stop it, I’m busy! Seriously.” 
Suddenly, Gobu Kuang felt someone touching his butt. 
But even after speaking, it didn’t stop. 
Instead, it became even more wanton! 
Frightened, Gobu Kuang clenched and quickly dodged, “Who are you? Be careful, or I’ll deal with you!” 
He thought it was Gobu Tian and the others. 
However, in front of him was a pale-faced ghost, crawling onto him. 
“Ghost! Boss!” 
Gobu Kuang, who had never seen a ghost before, was encountering one for the first time. 
Terrified like a small child, he ran off in a panic. 
Regardless of race, as long as there was intelligence, fear of ghosts was common. 
And now, he was genuinely seeing ghosts. 
Hearing this, Lin Tian, who was busy in the distance, turned to look, and even he was startled! 
In the darkness. 
Countless spirits appeared, their faces full of anger, hatred, and ferocity! 
They were clearly extremely vicious ghosts. 
Spirits could ignore physical boundaries, while the opponents could still attack, which was quite unfair. 
They were essentially immune to physical attacks. 
Only magical attacks would work, as elemental attacks were mostly physical. 
“Kill them!!” 
In the center of the twenty thousand spirits, a spirit radiating intense ghostly energy roared ferociously. 
Even in spirit form, it wore intricate armor, indicating it was the leader of the soldiers before death. 
Upon receiving the order. 
A large number of spirits charged at Lin Tian and his group. 
“Damn it, Holy Mother! This is for you to handle!” Lin Tian cursed, quickly running into the city. 
Gobu Kuang tried slashing a few times with his weapon but ended up getting bitten, losing chunks of flesh. 
He screamed in pain. 
“Idiot, retreat to the city! These are ghosts, you can’t kill them!” Gobu Tian and the others scolded. 
In the square. 
Katheryn and the others were still enjoying the bonfire and barbecue. 
Then they saw Lin Tian and his group rushing over. 
Gobu Yue couldn’t help but be curious, “Hmm? Are they done already? I just grilled a few pieces of meat for the boss.” 
“Why are they running so fast?” Little Black was puzzled. It couldn’t be that urgent, right? 
The next second. 
Everyone’s expressions changed. 
Scar’s pupils shrank as he saw the ghostly blue spirit army ignoring the city walls and charging straight in, and he jumped up in alarm. 
“Shit! It’s the undead army! We need to run!” 
“Holy Mother! Use holy magic!” Lin Tian shouted from afar. 
Upon hearing this. 
Katheryn, who was sitting on the ground, stood up and was startled by the massive number of spirits. 
She had recited holy scriptures to put them to rest before. 
It seemed their resentment was too deep, and they couldn’t find peace. 
“Ultimate Magic · Gate of Heaven!” 
A magical barrier, previously used by the Lord of Clinforth, appeared behind Lin Tian and the goblins. 
It was immense and grand, like it separated the whole world. 
It blocked all the spirits outside. 
Since it was a holy defense magic, the spirits couldn’t pass through. 
Lin Tian finally breathed a sigh of relief, the sheer number of spirits was terrifying, enough to make one’s scalp tingle. 
Katheryn looked sorrowful, “Poor soldiers, not even finding peace in death. Let me send you to heaven.” 
These soldiers turned into spirits because of their resentment after Edward and his men fled. 
The soldiers at the Laiyang Plain were prepared to die and didn’t expect to return alive. 
So they didn’t become spirits after death. 
“Wait, I feel we can use these guys to our advantage.” 
Lin Tian approached the barrier, looking at the spirit leader. 
[Lawrence: Lv90<br/>
Race: Spirit<br/>
Profession: Knight Commander<br/>
Titles: Extreme Resentment, Intense Hatred<br/>
Health: 1500<br/>
Strength: 780<br/>
Defense: 700<br/>
Skills: Intangibility, Ignore Collision, Soul Slash, Soul Calming Field<br/>
Equipment: Soul Stealer Sword<br/>
Overall: 7100] 
Lawrence, with half of his face a skeletal white, stared at Lin Tian with vicious eyes, “I will kill you for revenge!” 
“Why kill me? Wasn’t it your king who got you killed?” Lin Tian asked. 
Lawrence tilted his head in thought and answered, “All of you deserve to die! But don’t think you can evade responsibility, you killed us!” 
“That’s true, but the biggest issue was your king starting the war and sending you to die. Why not join us and seek revenge on them? Otherwise, this number of spirits is nothing, we can easily wipe you out.” Lin Tian suggested. 
Upon hearing this. 
Lawrence pondered, “What happens after we kill Edward and his men?” 
“I’ll have the Holy Mother send you to heaven. Let’s call it even. Otherwise, you won’t achieve anything.” 
Lin Tian pointed behind him. 
For a moment, Lawrence hesitated. 
Indeed, if they fought, they wouldn’t stand a chance against the Holy Mother. If it were attack-based clerics, it would be easier. 
But the Holy Mother could purify, wiping them out in a few moves. 
Finally, Lawrence nodded, “Alright, I’ll cooperate with you!” 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 125: Wild Growth, the Rise of the Empire!! 
TL: Sungmin 
“Then you all find a place to hide. When it’s time to attack the Sword Kingdom, I will inform you.” 
Lin Tian felt joyous in his heart. 
Thankfully, these were undead souls. If they had been ghouls, there would have been no way to communicate, as they were mindless. 
Lawrence waved his hand, and the army of undead began to slowly dissipate. 
“When you need me, just call my name…” 
Finally, hundreds of thousands of undead disappeared. 
Lin Tian finally felt relieved; he had really struck a good deal. 
Not only did he gain more than two hundred thousand experience points, but he also acquired such an army of undead. 
“Gulp, gulp…” 
At this moment, he heard a frenzied swallowing sound. 
Turning his head, he saw Gobu Kuang devouring the corpse he had been holding earlier like mad. 
Even when chased by the undead army, he hadn’t let it go. 
He wanted to quickly evolve into a Goblin King. 
Everyone returned outside the city to continue dealing with the corpses, watching Gobu Kuang devour nonstop. 
With his four arms, it seemed like a glitch, devouring seamlessly. 
Even faster than an assembly line. 
“Burp! Boss, how much longer do I have to eat before I can evolve? It feels like I’ve eaten tens of thousands already!” Gobu Kuang said in distress. 
Even he, despite his gluttonous nature, felt nauseous now. 
Lin Tian checked his attribute panel—level 100! 
It turned out he really had eaten to the maximum level. 
No wonder, even though these soldiers were only at levels thirty to forty, eating so many was quite impressive. 
Looking at him, Lin Tian said, “That’s strange. At level one hundred, you should have evolved. Could it be that your aptitude isn’t sufficient for evolution?” 
But upon careful thought, Gobu Kuang’s aptitude was more than enough. 
The races he had mated with were countless. 
He had no dietary restrictions. 
He had even mated more than Lin Tian, though not matching Lin Tian in quality. 
At least he won in terms of quantity. 
He could only wait to ask Goblin Slayer later; she might know the reason. 
After piling up all the corpses, Lin Tian used the skill Blizzard Domain, creating a natural refrigerator. 
To prevent rot. 
Back in the square, Gobu Kuang looked dejected. 
“Goblin Slayer, can you check Gobu Kuang? He’s met the conditions for evolution, so why hasn’t he evolved?” 
Lin Tian couldn’t help but ask for him. 
Though this guy was slow-witted and couldn’t accomplish much. 
He was uniquely loyal. 
Goblin Slayer was stunned and said in surprise, “Isn’t it obvious? Because you, in a sense, are the Goblin King now. Gobu Kuang has no intention of challenging and killing you, so he can’t evolve into a King variant.” 
“What?” 
Lin Tian suddenly understood why this was happening. 
At this moment. 
Gobu Kuang laughed foolishly, scratching his head, “Boss, then forget it. I won’t be a King variant. It’s not bad this way, hehe…” 
“You guy… Goblin Slayer, is there no other way?” Lin Tian asked with some pity. 
Goblin Slayer thought and said, “There is another way. He could go to another King variant tribe, kill and devour that Goblin King, and then he can evolve.” 
Upon hearing this. 
Lin Tian nodded. As long as there was a way. 
But first, he had to take care of domestic matters. 
“Gobu Kuang, in a while, I’ll take you to another King variant tribe. Can you hold on?” Lin Tian said calmly. 
Gobu Kuang nodded, “Thank you, Boss. You’re the best! I wish I could get smaller too!” 
Next, 
Katheryn continued to announce the regulations of the Goblin Empire. 
There were still five days before they could simulate life again. 
After Little Black returned to the ancient dragon clan under Scar and the others’ escort, Lin Tian began cultivating seeds and livestock. 
In the future, he needed to prepare for an army of at least several million goblins. 
Food supply issues needed early resolution. 
The method was simple. 
Selecting seeds from the best and largest grains, fruits, and vegetables. 
These were considered relatively superior seeds, to be replanted. 
After cycling through this process dozens of times, while not causing qualitative changes, there would be a significant increase in yield. 
Of course, it couldn’t compare to modern radiation mutation, cell improvement, and DNA recombination methods. 
In the royal city. 
Lin Tian gathered a large number of human residents in a vegetable plot. 
“What’s happening? Are they going to kill us? Help…” 
“Isn’t the Holy Mother here? I’m a little scared…” 
“Why gather in a vegetable plot? Are they planning to kill us and use our bodies as fertilizer?” 
A group of residents trembled. 
They were deeply terrified of Lin Tian. 
With the collapse of the government and the church, the residents secretly chose new leaders. 
After all, humans were also social animals. 
Lin Tian looked at them and directly said, “Who is your current leader?” 
A middle-aged man with a thick beard gathered his courage and stepped forward. 
“Greetings, Your Majesty. My name is Charles. I was a minor noble and merchant in the kingdom. May I ask why you have gathered us?” 
“Charles, right? Don’t be afraid. I’m just here to help you improve crop and livestock yields.” 
Lin Tian examined him for a few moments. His strength was very weak, only over a thousand combat power. 
Charles’s legs trembled as he stood, clearly terrified, but he had courage. 
He could serve as the human leader, making management easier. 
Hearing this, Charles sighed in relief and asked in mild surprise, “Crop and livestock? You came to teach us?” 
Not only Charles, but everyone else was also bewildered. 
It felt like they had heard the most unbelievable thing. 
There were records of goblins stealing human farming and husbandry techniques, but never goblins teaching humans. 
It seemed like a joke. 
However, Charles could only force a smile. 
Lin Tian took out the best seeds he had found earlier. 
In front of everyone, he planted them in the soil. 
The varieties included wheat, soybeans, sweet potatoes, and potatoes. 
These were main food sources with low yields. 
Unlike vegetables like cabbage and cucumbers, these crops had poor genetics, resulting in low yields despite fertilization. 
Vegetables only needed heavy fertilization. 
“This…” 
Everyone was bewildered. 
Was he teaching them how to plant? 
It seemed absurd. 
Then Lin Tian called out, “Ifreya, use healing magic on these seeds.” 
“Super-tier Magic · Healing Rain!” 
Ifreya quickly complied, flipping through her spellbook. 
As green, glowing raindrops fell into the vegetable plot. 
In an instant, the seeds began to sprout and grow rapidly! 
Within a minute, the wheat had formed, and the soybeans were flowering. 
The sweet potatoes and potatoes were lush with leaves. 
Healing magic essentially accelerated growth, which was why people avoided getting injured even with a healer present. 
Each healing depleted life force, shortening one’s lifespan. 
Super-tier healing magic could accelerate growth equivalent to one or two months. 
Lin Tian said, “Do it again. I brought this for you.” 
He took out the Endless Holy Grail, already filled with magic power. 
No fear of draining Ifreya. 
In no time. 
After the second Healing Rain. 
The crops had all matured. 
Lin Tian touched the golden wheat, shaking his head, “Only a few grains are plump, some are even shriveled.” 
Soybeans, sweet potatoes, and potatoes. 
Each plant had only a few, and they were small. 
Lin Tian then selected the best seeds and replanted them. 
He had Ifreya continue using Healing Rain. 
Everyone spent three days in shock and disbelief! 
Finally. 
After two hundred experiments, a completely plump wheat stalk emerged! 
Charles couldn’t help but exclaim, “My God, wheat can grow like this? If we planted this every year, one harvest could feed my family for three years!” 
The residents widened their eyes, taking turns to examine it! 
They were astounded! 
“This isn’t wheat; each grain looks like a plump pearl!” 
“I never thought magic could be used like this!” 
“Unbelievable!” 
Amid the astonished voices, Lin Tian dug up sweet potatoes and potatoes. 
Although not all were large and plump, over half were, and each plant yielded seven or eight tubers. 
Each weighing five to six pounds! 
Soybean yields also increased severalfold. 
Charles was almost in tears with excitement, “Goblin Majesty, you, you’re simply incredible! Long live the Majesty!” 
He knelt down and began kowtowing. 
Seeing this, the other residents followed suit. 
Lin Tian didn’t refuse, thoroughly enjoying the feeling. At least they could become his devoted slaves. 
Although there were other methods, this was simpler and more convenient. 
If word got out that the residents of the Lionheart Empire willingly produced for goblins. 
Even raised goblin offspring. 
It would shock the continent for years. 
“Don’t get too excited. Gobu Kuang, what about the wild boars I asked you to catch? Did you get them?” Lin Tian asked nearby. 
Gobu Kuang responded, dropping a few blackened creatures from his hands. 
They were wild boars. 
But they were already dead. 
Lin Tian felt speechless, “I asked for live ones! Hurry up and get them!” 
Gobu Kuang, Gobu Tian, and Gobu Shan quickly left. 
Soon, a few sturdy wild boars were captured and placed in a newly repaired stone enclosure. 
Charles asked curiously, “Goblin Majesty, what are you planning? Wild boars can’t be domesticated. They’re extremely aggressive, often escape, and their meat isn’t as plentiful as cows or as tasty as sheep.” 
They had attempted to domesticate them before but failed miserably, ending up reeking of pig stench. 
Sure enough, the wild boars in the stone pen started to become restless. 
They crazily rammed against the enclosure, almost breaking free. 
Lin Tian coldly laughed, “You’re quite foolish. You can’t domesticate them because you give them the power to rebel.” 
Saying this, he jumped into the pen. 
Sensing Lin Tian’s evil and terrifying aura. 
The once aggressive wild boars instantly turned into little pigs. 
They retreated to the corner, trembling in fear. 
Lin Tian moved swiftly, breaking the leg of one wild boar, then did the same to the others. 
“If their legs are broken, can they still be aggressive and escape? Now they’ll behave.” Lin Tian said. 
As long as they were bred for a few generations this way, their offspring would be much tamer, becoming domestic pigs. 
Moreover, the most important thing was that cows and sheep typically bore one offspring, sheep up to two. 
Pigs could produce over a dozen. 
With increased numbers, the meat supply problem would be solved. 
Some residents, who understood, were ecstatic! 
“Long live Goblin Majesty!” 
“I even feel like he’s a god sent to save us!” 
“How touching! Goblin Majesty, I want to bear twenty goblin offspring with you!” 
“I’ll bear thirty!” 
“A hundred!” 
Idk guys, Goblin Majesty seems weird but it seems most smooth from the options available in the English language. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 126: The Centaurs’ Request to Join the Empire 
TL: Sungmin 
The residents felt both moved and excited! 
They no longer feared Lin Tian; instead, they loved him dearly! 
At this rate, within just a year, the Goblin Empire could develop into a super empire! 
Its national power would be incredibly strong, unmatched by anyone! 
Lin Tian was very satisfied and instructed Ifreya to continue using Healing Rain. 
The next step was to produce high-quality seeds. 
They needed to be distributed. 
With pigs, using this method would allow the breeding of many wild boars, without fear of them running away. 
The second generation should be easier to raise. 
In any case, their production was much higher than cattle and sheep, with each household raising a few and each litter yielding dozens. 
It was worth noting that many people might not eat meat more than twice a year. 
Soon, Lin Tian could once again use the Life Simulation System. 
He planned to skip this development and waiting period, directly entering a state of peak national power, which would facilitate the next steps. 
“System, start Life Simulation.” 
[The Life Simulation System is starting. Current scenario: Breed Improvement, Establishing Prestige 
Under your great leadership, the humans of the Goblin Empire were deeply moved and saw a bright new future. 
They took the seeds and began cultivating them all over the mountains and plains, reaching 300% of the previous cultivated land! 
You also instructed the goblins to catch wild boars, break their legs, and distribute them two females to one male. 
The residents’ esteem for you even surpassed that for Charles II. 
Gradually, every day, many female residents came to the square, asking for your help with production tasks. 
Unfortunately, you could only help three attractive ones each day. 
The rest had to rely on other goblins. 
Three months passed. 
During this period, many scouts from the Sword Kingdom and the Magic Kingdom were captured. Their ambitions were unrelenting, waiting for an opportunity to retaliate. 
Six months passed, and the first batch of crops began to be harvested. 
The humans of the Goblin Empire had never been so busy, with yields exceeding previous amounts many times over! 
The whole country celebrated! 
After the harvest, the first thing the residents did was turn in their grain, often because they had no room to store it at home and had to pay taxes first. 
Another month passed, and the first batch of goblins had already grown. 
Every day, tens of thousands of goblins joined the goblin ranks in the royal city. 
As the available space of the royal city grew less, you started organizing the construction of new cities around it. 
Soon, two cities were built around the royal city specifically for human residence, while the goblins lived alone in the royal city. 
Human engineers also helped build and plan many siege defense machines. 
The national power was growing immensely! 
A few more months passed, and the first generation of wild boars had grown. Each household could hand over more than ten pigs. 
The food reserves now surpassed many great empires, rivaling super empires. 
… 
The current longest progress in the Life Simulation was one year, and it ended forcibly. 
Summary: The barbaric growth of the basic national power laid the foundation for the status of the Goblin Empire! 
Score: 100 points (out of 100) 
Reward: 100 Life Points 
The current Life Simulation is complete, with a time span of 365 days. 
Ding! Congratulations on completing the one-year simulation achievement. The maximum progress has been upgraded to three years! 
(Newly added character details, skill details, mall lottery system, etc…) 
“Would you like to transmigrate to the new scenario: The Empire of Barbaric Growth?” 
“Transmigrate…” 
“Shush!” 
A surge of stimulation flooded his brain. 
Lin Tian slowly opened his eyes, standing in the kingdom’s square, with residents from all over the kingdom gathered below to worship. 
“Long live Goblin Majesty!” 
“I am willing to produce more goblins for His Majesty, to protect this country well!” 
“That’s right, I am willing to join the legion and contribute to this empire!” 
Residents were moved to tears, filled with excitement. 
Many had come from far away just to catch a glimpse of Lin Tian, this so-called new king. 
The image of the evil and ugly goblin was completely reversed at this moment! 
Lin Tian cleared his throat, “Just live well. Although I am an evil goblin, I promised to treat you as the people of the Goblin Empire, and I will do my best to protect you. 
Of course, if we encounter humans from other countries, I will not be so merciful.” 
“His Majesty is wise!” 
The residents’ emotions ran even higher, feeling fortunate that the goblins ruled this kingdom. 
They were also grateful they hadn’t fled like some. 
Many residents who had escaped from the Lionheart Empire begged to return, only to be slaughtered and devoured. 
It wasn’t that Lin Tian was merciful to humans, but he saw this batch of humans as his subjects. 
A necessary condition for developing national power. 
Gradually, after the residents left, they began to transform the lion statue in Lionheart City into a statue of Lin Tian. 
Turning his head, Lin Tian saw that Gobu Kuang and the others were present. 
Lin Tian asked, “Princess Alice, how many troops do we have now?” 
Alice responded, “Gobu Yue’s count stands at two million low-level goblins, thirty thousand big variants, and ten thousand hero variants. There hasn’t been an increase in leader variants over the past year.” 
She currently served as the highest commander of the Goblin Empire’s soldiers. 
Lin Tian was slightly taken aback—two million! Even if the low-level goblins were extremely weak, this number could still contend with hundreds of thousands of elite troops. 
He marveled at the terrifying speed of development. 
There were pros and cons to this; other empires certainly wouldn’t sit idly by. 
He believed they would soon form a coalition to attack him. 
“Boss! Several thousand demihuman monsters are requesting to see you!”  
At this moment, Gobu Tian flew over, gasping for breath. 
Lin Tian’s expression changed slightly. From the way Gobu Tian described it, it certainly wasn’t the cannibal eagles. He hurried out to see the situation. 
The group arrived outside the city gate. 
From afar, they heard the resounding and impactful sound of warhorse hooves! 
Lin Tian furrowed his brow. “Humans?” 
Only humans rode horses, so he suspected as much. 
Gobu Tian quickly explained, “They’re not humans. They’re a half-human, half-horse monster race.” 
“Centaurs?!” Alice chimed in. 
Half-human, half-horse—that had to be them. 
They had once been the most ferocious and powerful monster race in the Sword Kingdom. 
Unfortunately, after their defeat, they vanished without a trace. 
He hadn’t expected them to appear here. 
Sure enough. 
From the city wall, they saw a vast number of half-human, half-horse beings wandering outside! 
When they saw Lin Tian and his group, the centaur leader immediately bent over and saluted. “Greetings, Goblin Majesty!” 
This leader wore light armor, with her human half having fair skin, looking just like a youthful maiden. 
Lin Tian examined her attribute panel. 
[Fiona: Lv99<br/>
Race: Centaur<br/>
Profession: Valiant Cavalry<br/>
Title: Centaur Leader, Last of Her Bloodline, Avenger of Her Tribe<br/>
Health: 3000<br/>
Strength: 1200<br/>
Defense: 810<br/>
Skills: Valiant Cavalry Charge Slogan (world-class skill, increases speed and strength of all allies by 100%), Earth Stomp, Bloodied Lance…<br/>
Equipment: Charging Armor, Valiant Lance<br/>
Overall: 9092<br/>
Description: The daughter of the previous leader of the centaurs within the Sword Kingdom, she leads her people in hiding, waiting for the day of revenge.] 
Seeing her information, Lin Tian was surprised to find he could now view skill details and descriptions. 
However, her strength was also considerable. 
Importantly, she was very beautiful, with four jade-like legs and four jade-like feet at once. 
One wish, multiple satisfactions. 
Back to the main point, Lin Tian spoke, “No need to be so courteous. You don’t intend to attack me with just these few people, do you?” 
“No, no, no, you’ve misunderstood. We want to join your empire,” Fiona quickly explained. 
This decision had been deliberated for a long time. 
Most of the tribe strongly opposed it because these were goblins, after all. 
Bloodthirsty and lecherous, enemies of all races. 
But the centaurs had been pushed to the brink, unable to even survive furtively. 
Learning about the terrifying development speed and food abundance of the Goblin Empire, Fiona decided to take a gamble. 
Upon hearing this, Lin Tian was slightly stunned. “Join us?” 
Fiona hurriedly replied, “Yes, we share a common enemy—humans, the Sword Kingdom. We can be absolutely loyal and agree to whatever you say!” 
“Leader…”  
Behind her, a few centaurs had complex expressions. 
Seeing Fiona’s servile posture pained them deeply. 
Lin Tian suddenly flashed a mischievous smile. “I see. Of course, you can join. But you said you’d agree to anything—really?” 
“The centaurs never lie!” Fiona said firmly, her clear eyes full of sincerity. 
Lin Tian raised an eyebrow. “Then, show me your sincerity now.” 
With that, Lin Tian walked down. 
Alice wanted to stop him, but he signaled her not to. 
Seeing Lin Tian’s evil grin, Fiona, no longer a child, understood the burden of her tribe’s revenge. 
She hesitated but knew what it meant. “Here?” 
“Do you think goblins care about the location? Did you not learn anything about us before coming?” Lin Tian said with a look of surprise. 
Fiona’s face flushed with shame, reddening to her neck. 
Biting her lip, she decided to agree to Lin Tian. 
She began to remove her armor. 
“Leader! Don’t!” 
“We can find another place to live; we can solve the food issue somehow!” 
“You haven’t married yet, Your Majesty. Let me do it!” 
Behind her, the centaurs felt an immense heartache. 
However, Fiona persisted in her decision, saying, “Don’t forget, we centaurs have lived on that land for generations. It was the people of the Sword Kingdom who took everything from us. Compared to that, this sacrifice is nothing.” 
Just as the last piece of white cloth was about to come off, everyone’s hearts raced. 
They seemed to be expecting something. 
However, what they expected did not happen. 
Lin Tian’s eyes widened in surprise. “I never expected it. Centaurs truly fulfill a single wish doubly. I’ve always been curious about your anatomy.” 
Seeing everything clearly, Lin Tian realized that the front legs and the back legs were entirely separate structures and organs. 
Lin Tian accepted Fiona’s sacrifice without hesitation. 
“This… this!!” 
Seeing what was happening before them and hearing Fiona’s gasping breaths, the centaurs behind gritted their teeth in hatred but dared not act. It was too sudden, both expected and unexpected! 
What was going on?! 
The goblin before them was now the king of a powerful empire! He wasn’t some lowly monster from the wilderness, yet he behaved just like any low-level goblin by the roadside. 
Shameless! 
They had thought this was just Lin Tian testing them. 
Surely, he wouldn’t actually do it. 
But now, they had overestimated goblins as creatures. 
The rice was cooked; if the other side went back on their word, they’d lose both their leader and their dignity. 
Eventually. 
Fiona, her face flushed, spoke despite her shame, “Now, can we join you?” 
“No.” 
Lin Tian pulled up his pants and walked back to the city wall. 
Those two short words struck the centaurs’ minds like thunder, almost making them explode! 
“What do you mean? You defiled our leader and now say no?!” 
“Goblin! Goblin!!! Don’t go too far!” 
“I told you not to trust goblins, these lowly, despicable creatures! Lady Fiona, sob, sob…” 
Some centaurs were so furious they stomped the ground violently, causing a loud rumbling. 
Several female centaurs wept in grievance for Fiona. 
Lin Tian smiled faintly. “Is this what it feels like to be in a position of power? Surprisingly enjoyable.” 
In the future, he wouldn’t need to do anything, and people would come to him. 
Surely many races, even humans, would want to join the Goblin Empire. 
Thinking of this excited Lin Tian, anticipating daily free indulgences. 
However, 
He eventually said, “Don’t be anxious. You can join, but there’s one more condition: all your females must bear new offspring for the goblins.” 
Centaurs were natural cavalry! 
Cavalry had a significant advantage over infantry. Training a large number of goblin cavalry would elevate the empire’s power to new heights. 
“Enough! Come down and fight me one-on-one; I’ll kill you!!!” 
A male centaur roared with all his might. 
He couldn’t trust them anymore, and it was impossible to do such a thing. 
Lin Tian turned his head and walked away. “Do as you please. I’m not losing out, quite the opposite. Let’s go; you’re weaklings, only fit to be toyed with.” 
He then turned back, casting a sinister, chilling look at them. 
Coldly, he said, “And if you step even one meter closer, I’ll consider it a declaration of war against the Goblin Empire… And you will die…” 
Thud! 
The centaurs’ hearts trembled with inexplicable fear, and their backs chilled! 
This was a real threat of death. They all swallowed hard and instinctively stepped back. 
As they watched Lin Tian turn away. 
Fiona called out, “Wait! We… we agree to your terms!” 
“Leader! How can you agree to this? It sounds nice, seeking protection, but in reality, it’s just becoming breeding tools for the goblins!” 
Some centaurs objected, filled with reluctance. 
Lin Tian stopped, chuckling. “Seeking protection? Do you know how many subordinates died and how much blood I shed to build this empire? Do you think you can just come and freeload? Dream on.” 
Hearing this. 
The centaurs fell silent. 
He had a point; they had been too naive, and they shouldn’t have come here. 
“However, if you can provide me with information about Goblin King variants, I might lessen the number of your people who need to breed for us.” Lin Tian added. 
It had been a year already. 
He needed to think of a way for Gobu Kuang to evolve, lest the child suffer from pent-up frustration. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 127: Fighting for Food in the Pigsty, the Birth of an Evil Species! 
TL: Sungmin 
Upon hearing this. 
Fiona and the others’ expressions changed. 
Since they could reduce the suffering of some of their people, it was better than having everyone suffer. 
It just so happened that in their many years of wandering, they knew of a place with a Goblin King. 
“We can tell you, but at least let us go inside first, okay?” Fiona said distrustfully. 
Lin Tian merely chuckled, “You are not in a position to negotiate.” 
The centaurs were filled with resentment. 
But they could only hold it in, not daring to speak. 
They were afraid of displeasing Lin Tian. 
Fiona had no choice but to speak first, “There’s a Goblin King residing in a super-large goblin tribe in the Wild Cave, at the border of the Sword Kingdom.” 
Wild Cave? 
Lin Tian was taken aback. 
Alice explained, “I know that place, it’s an abandoned mine, very large, a common gathering place for monsters.” 
Upon hearing this. 
Lin Tian believed them this time and didn’t play any tricks on them. 
He gestured for Gobu Kuang to open the large gate. 
The two massive gates, each ten meters high, were easily pulled open by him alone. 
Standing at the entrance, the oppressive atmosphere made the centaurs hesitant to enter. 
“What are you waiting for?” Lin Tian said irritably. 
With tears in her eyes, Fiona turned excitedly and said, “Everyone, hurry inside!” 
As they stepped through the city gate. 
The centaurs, who had been wandering for decades, finally felt a sense of safety akin to coming home. 
They could finally sleep without having to stand guard and wake at the slightest noise. 
Lin Tian walked at the front, instructing, “Come on, I’ll find you a place to stay.” 
“Gah gah, if you can gain the boss’s approval, it might be the luckiest thing in your lives, so make sure to perform well.” Gobu Kuang laughed slyly. 
But the centaurs didn’t feel the same way. 
They only sought temporary shelter to develop their strength and re-establish the Centaur Empire. 
Fiona’s stubborn eyes were full of defiance. 
She did not feel humiliated, but rather proud. 
The valiant centaur tribe lowered their heads for the first time, and it would be the last time! 
Previously, they had been willing to fight to the death with the Sword Kingdom rather than compromise. 
Because the centaur tribe would never let anyone ride on their backs. 
They were free. 
Witnessing this, Lia could deeply empathize; Fiona’s age was unknown, but she seemed relatively young among the centaurs. 
To bear such a heavy responsibility was very commendable. 
Gradually. 
The surroundings began to grow noisy. 
Fiona and the others were shocked, “So many goblins!” 
Inside the city, goblins filled the streets. 
There were also a few humans, seemingly selling goods. 
“Humans dare to sell things in a goblin territory?! How is this possible?” A young male centaur exclaimed in shock. 
He looked like a boy of sixteen or seventeen, full of youthful vigor. 
“Fiona, didn’t you say goblins were…” The young centaur boy didn’t finish his sentence. 
Fiona hastily interrupted him, “Mario, hush…” 
Ahead, goblins passing by bowed deeply and greeted Lin Tian. 
Lin Tian, having overheard their conversation, explained, “These humans mostly sell things we can’t produce or gather ourselves, such as oil, salt, clothing, blacksmith goods, and alchemy items.” 
To live well, these things were essential. 
Low-level goblins born from humans, combined with their father’s intelligence, were also highly capable. 
With a diet that developed their brains. 
Even the lowest-level goblins had intelligence close to that of humans. 
They could adapt to a society more advanced than a primitive one, engaging in work, trade, and so on. 
This was the level of a slightly advanced society. 
Previously, goblin tribes were equivalent to a primitive society, focused solely on survival and eating. 
Upon hearing this. 
Mario was excited and amazed, “I’ve seen many goblins, but never ones like these! Incredible!!” 
“Mario, stop talking and just follow Goblin Majesty.” Fiona cautiously advised, fearing he might cause trouble. 
Lin Tian said nothing more and continued to lead the way. 
After all, this was now the Goblin Empire.  
If it had remained a primitive, barbaric tribe, it wouldn’t have been able to hold its ground. Even if you had an army of millions, other empires would only scoff. 
At this moment, 
Even Fiona couldn’t help but exclaim in shock, “You! What are you doing!” 
“Huh? Are you blind? Can’t you see I’m feeding the pigs?” 
By the roadside, a small goblin glanced at her, cursed, and then dumped the sweet potatoes he held into the pigsty before walking away. 
Mario couldn’t resist and jumped straight into the pigsty, using a crude spear to skewer a sweet potato. 
He began to eat it on the spot. 
As he ate, he exclaimed, “So delicious! Sister Fiona, this is real sweet potato!” 
Hearing this. 
Many of the centaurs couldn’t help but salivate, gathering at the pigsty. 
They shared the sweet potatoes that had just been dumped in. 
A few piglets made aggressive noises at them; if they could speak, they would have cursed their entire families. 
“Are you all starving? You’re even snatching the pigs’ food. They’re still growing, you know.” 
Lin Tian couldn’t help but comment when he saw this situation. 
Even Fiona, the leader, disregarded her status and started eating. 
In the decades of wandering. 
Not a day went by without competing with low-level beasts for food. Sweet potatoes were an absolute delicacy for the herbivorous centaur tribe! 
It was like a gourmet delicacy to humans. 
Moreover, during this period, they were extremely hungry, constantly evading the Sword Kingdom’s pursuit, and had no food. 
They were forced to consider joining the Goblin Empire. 
“This is so delicious, the taste of sweet potatoes! You should try it!” 
“Could we have entered paradise? They’re actually feeding these damn pigs sweet potatoes!” 
“Oh my, Odyssus, God of Centaurs, let me stay here forever!” 
The centaurs each took a bite, savoring it with tears in their eyes. 
Some were even reluctant to chew, letting the sweet potato chunks dissolve in their mouths, savoring the sweet juice. 
This scene. 
Lin Tian didn’t know if it was expected or unexpected. 
He knew that outside, whether human or demi-human monsters, many struggled with intermittent food supplies. 
Especially the demi-humans. 
In this region, with scarce monsters, survival was tough. Only a few herbivores barely managed to survive. 
The centaurs were one of them. 
Though herbivorous, they were unlike real horses. They used to eat corn, beans, pumpkins, eggplants, and other staple vegetables. 
Forced to the brink, they had to survive on roadside weeds. 
After finishing, Fiona savored the taste and said, “Goblin Majesty, I’m sorry, we were too hungry to resist.” 
“We heard your country is abundant in food, but to think you’d feed sweet potatoes to pigs, it’s unbelievable!” Fiona continued, feeling more justified in her sacrifice. 
Lin Tian shrugged, having nothing more to say, “Don’t worry, as long as you obediently produce a cavalry goblin army for us, you won’t lack food.” 
Then, 
He led them to an area surrounded by empty houses. 
No goblins lived here, to avoid conflicts. 
But the houses were simple. 
Or rather, this was once the stables of the Lionheart Empire. 
Perfect for the centaurs’ height and build. 
Mario was the first to excitedly lie down in the hay. 
Fiona was overjoyed, “Your Majesty, our centaur tribe will remember your kindness!” 
“Hmph, save the pleasantries. I know what you’re thinking. The rest is up to you. I’ll have someone bring you food later. In a few days, you can start breeding.” 
With that, he left. 
There were thousands of centaurs, about a thousand of them female. 
The production speed was decent, and soon they would have a cavalry. 
The centaurs were all brave and battle-hardened. 
Combined, the goblin offspring they produced would be unimaginably powerful. 
Moments later. 
Seeing baskets of sweet potatoes being brought in, all the centaurs were moved to tears! 
What difference was there between coming from hell to heaven? 
They couldn’t finish the food, there was so much! 
Mario was deeply touched, “Sister Fiona, I’ll always remember your sacrifice. When I grow up, I’ll protect you well!” 
“Eat up. As the leader and daughter of King Chiron, this is nothing.” Fiona forced a smile. 
Her father, the former king of the centaur empire, was named Chiron. 
In the Goblin Palace. 
Lin Tian gathered everyone to discuss dealing with the Goblin King of the Wild Cave. 
Based on estimates, a regular Goblin King had a power level of around 5,000. 
Given that they now possessed world-class magic items, this wasn’t considered strong. 
A Goblin King’s tribe usually numbered around ten thousand goblins. 
Few were high-tier. 
It was very easy to handle; they could wipe them out without even sending troops. 
Gobu Kuang was very excited, “No need for everyone, I can handle it myself! I can take them down!” 
“No, to be safe, I’ll go with Gobu Kuang and a few others. The rest, follow my instructions.” Lin Tian finally ordered. 
Gobu Yue, Lia, and Goblin Slayer would handle the centaur tribe’s reproduction issues. 
Alice would train the troops. 
Katheryn usually visited nearby human cities, having no real duties. 
Gobu Jian still guarded Veronica. 
Lin Tian stood up and added, “Before we go, let’s check on Rebecca’s situation.” 
Previously, the unformed embryo from the Black Goat’s egg was hosted in her body. 
It hadn’t been born after a year. 
This was quite surprising. 
Given the goblin genes, she should have given birth quickly. 
Even with the Purple-Gold Dragon Mother, it took several months to give birth to the Black Dragon because of the dragon’s inherent strength, which resisted goblin genes. 
But this had been a year. 
No signs yet. 
Reaching the dungeon, Lin Tian spoke through the wall with a mocking tone, “Lady Rebecca, long time no see. How’s your health lately?” 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 128: Joining Forces Again, Call the Dragon Slayer Guild to Slay the Dragon! 
TL: Sungmin 
However, 
There was no response after a long time. 
Normally, there would have been a burst of swearing by now. 
Lin Tian furrowed his brows and sternly said, “Gobu-kun, report the situation. What’s going on?” 
Because Rebecca’s charm ability was very powerful, they had built a wall here. 
To avoid being affected. 
The goblins on guard duty inside had all been castrated. 
There was no worry about such things happening. 
Yet, 
there was no sound from Gobu-kun inside either. 
Just as Lin Tian was about to push the door open to check, he stopped, suspecting it might be a trap set by Rebecca. 
Perhaps Gobu-kun had already been charmed. 
He might be waiting for Lin Tian to enter and then forcibly enchant him. 
Lin Tian then called down Gobu Tian, who was waiting outside. 
“Take a look inside and see what’s going on.” Lin Tian ordered. 
Gobu Tian had a bit of x-ray vision and should be able to see what was happening inside the wall. 
Not looking was fine. 
But as soon as he looked, Gobu Tian replied anxiously, “Boss! It’s bad, inside, Gobu-kun is dead! And that Rebecca is barely alive!” 
Upon hearing this, Lin Tian broke the iron door along with the latch and rushed inside. 
The scene before him was just as Gobu Tian had said. 
Gobu-kun’s corpse lay on the ground, appearing as if something had gnawed on it, already too gruesome to look at. 
Rebecca, locked up with magic chains, lay unconscious on the ground. 
Her body also had several bite wounds, looking very miserable. 
The walls of the entire dungeon were splattered with blood, resembling a hellish painting, very eerie. 
Additionally, there was a hole about the size of a washbasin in the corner. 
It was so deep that the bottom couldn’t be seen. 
Gobu Tian suspected, “Boss, could something have dug a hole from the outside? I’ll go down and see what it is!” 
His body size was just right to crawl through. 
But Lin Tian stopped him, saying, “No, nothing came in from outside. Instead, something here, escaped…” 
As he spoke, he pointed to Rebecca’s abdomen. 
Bloodied. 
Something had clearly crawled out from there. It was obviously the child of Lin Tian and the Black Goat Mother Goddess. 
Even he felt it was bizarre and eerie. 
Like an alien, it had burst out from the mother’s body. 
“Help… help me…” 
Rebecca spoke at this moment, her body trembling constantly, terrified of something. 
Lin Tian hadn’t planned to let her live, but he had to ask about his child’s situation. 
He called for Ifreya to come and heal some of her injuries and magically bind her. 
“A monster… sob, sob, I gave birth to a terrible monster!!!” 
After ensuring Rebecca was not in danger of dying, she couldn’t help but cry out. 
Curled up on the ground, she was extremely frightened. 
A high-tier monster that drank blood and killed, now scared to this extent? 
Lin Tian’s expression grew heavier as he asked, “Tell me, where did my child go?” 
“That damn thing is a monster! It ate my internal organs alive, forcibly crawled out! It killed that goblin in front of me! It even tried to eat me but fled when it heard you coming!” 
Recalling the unbearable pain earlier, Rebecca continued to shiver. 
Lin Tian frowned, continuing to ask, “What did that thing look like? Any distinguishing features?” 
“A pitch-black goblin with ram horns! Its eyes were terrifying like a demon’s!” Rebecca remembered, becoming increasingly resistant and fearful. 
She said no more. 
Lin Tian felt something was wrong. That little thing seemed to have perfectly inherited the bloodthirsty and murderous nature of a goblin, as well as traits from its mother. 
The Black Goat Mother Goddess was likely no saint either. 
Goodness, it birthed an evil creature with insatiable hunger and potentially limitless strength. 
Lin Tian felt a bit helpless. 
He had thought he could control it, but he had underestimated the nature of aberrant creatures. 
However, since it had escaped, there was nothing he could do. 
If he encountered it in the future, he’d see if it recognized him as its father. 
“Ding, congratulations on obtaining the title ‘Wild Man of the Evil God,’ and receiving 100 life points.” 
Suddenly, the system’s voice chimed in. 
Lin Tian was dumbfounded, what kind of lousy title was this? It felt a bit embarrassing. 
But still, he felt a sense of pride and achievement. 
After all, it was an Evil God, a deity of supreme stature. 
Being called the ‘Wild Man of the Evil God’ wasn’t something just anyone could achieve. It was something to brag about. 
It was fitting for him as a goblin. 
“You guys, keep watching her, and also keep an eye on that hole. Report immediately if there’s any movement.” Lin Tian ordered. 
The castrated goblins who had been rotating shifts with Gobu-kun returned. 
Suspecting that creature might come back through the hole to find Rebecca, he didn’t rush to kill her. 
Using her as bait was an option. 
Then, 
Lin Tian prepared to leave with Gobu Kuang and others to deal with the Goblin King’s tribe. 
At the city gate, a hurried sound of horse hooves rang out from behind. 
Fiona hurriedly caught up, full of apologies. “Your Majesty, let’s go.” 
Although Alice knew the location, she had other matters to attend to, so having Fiona lead the way was the best option. 
Outside the city, many humans from the Goblin Empire were working on farms. 
Seeing Lin Tian, they all reached out to greet him. 
The scene resembled a grand king visiting his prosperous kingdom during a time of peace. 
Fiona was incredulous. “Your Majesty, you’re a goblin, aren’t those humans afraid of you?” 
“Humans would normally fear me, but the humans here are like goblins. Why should they fear me?” Lin Tian replied. 
Indeed, 
Once they left the Goblin Empire’s territory, humans along the road, seeing so many goblins, fled in terror. 
Fiona understood, “You truly are an unprecedentedly great goblin. What is it that you really want?” 
For a goblin, the greatest desire was usually just to eat their fill and have females to vent on. 
But it didn’t seem like this goblin in front of her would be satisfied with just that. 
Lin Tian smiled lightly, “The same as you.” 
“The same as me?” 
Fiona’s face was full of confusion. “But you’ve already established an empire, and it’s a powerful one at that, with food supplies surpassing any other empire! The people’s happiness is also the highest!” 
“Is that really what you want? Don’t you want centaurs to become a noble race, not despised by others?” Lin Tian coldly questioned. 
He was a transmigrator, but had been forced to become the lowliest goblin. 
From the start, humans wanted to kill him, torturing and toying with him at will. 
Since he couldn’t become human again, he wanted the word “goblin” to be synonymous with fear, respect, and awe for any creature. 
Not like the world, or Rebecca, filled with disdain and mockery. 
That’s why Lin Tian hadn’t planned to let that guy live earlier. 
It was an unyielding thorn in his heart. 
Since he couldn’t become human again, he’d stand on equal footing with humans, even surpassing them, surpassing gods, as a goblin! 
At this moment, Fiona seemed to grasp something. 
Looking at Lin Tian’s back, her pupils shrank! 
This small figure seemed inexplicably grand! 
“Hey, why don’t you have any sense? Our boss is walking so much, isn’t it exhausting? You’re a horse; can’t you carry him?” Gobu Kuang suggested, frowning. 
Since they were going into a cave, Lin Tian hadn’t ridden the flying dragon. It was still enemy territory, and leaving Little Huan outside was a threat. 
Upon hearing this, 
Fiona hesitated, “But I’ve never carried a person, or anything…” 
She was, after all, the leader of the centaurs. 
If someone rode her, it would be equivalent to being conquered, having to serve the rider forever. 
In the war between the Sword Kingdom and the Centaur Empire, many centaurs preferred death over serving humans. 
“Why are you so troublesome!” 
Gobu Kuang rushed to stop Fiona, a bit angry. 
Gobu Shan intervened, “Forget it, Old Kuang. You can’t beat her; don’t get your face kicked in.” 
“If the boss wants to ride, he will. If not, he must have his reasons.” Gobu Tian added. 
But Gobu Kuang persisted, “You guys are smarter than me and know how to act according to circumstances, I get that. I might be a bit foolish, but all I think about is our boss’s well-being, hmph!” 
“Alright, enough. Gobu Kuang, centaurs have a custom: if ridden, they must either willingly submit or commit suicide. Don’t force this little beauty horse.” Lin Tian explained. 
Only then did Gobu Kuang relent. 
But after walking a few steps, Fiona suddenly spoke, “Goblin Majesty, you… you can ride me.” 
“Hmm?” Lin Tian was a bit taken aback. 
He hadn’t intended to conquer her, nor had he planned any schemes. 
After all, centaurs were notoriously stubborn. 
They could do anything but be ridden. 
This sudden willingness to submit left him at a loss. Why would she choose to submit to him? 
He had even toyed with her feelings earlier. 
Fiona’s beautiful face blushed slightly. “I have an inseparable connection with you, and you’ve just earned my respect and acknowledgment. Come on, or I’ll change my mind…” 
Lin Tian wasn’t hesitant. 
He mounted her directly. 
It felt like an electric shock, but it was Fiona whose legs went weak, making it hard for her to walk, her face red with embarrassment, swaying slightly. 
This feeling of being ridden was unprecedented. 
Making her overly sensitive. 
“Are you okay? I might walk faster than this.” Lin Tian asked. 
Fiona bit her tender lip, insisting, “I can do it. I’ll adapt soon…” 
Only then did Lin Tian continue riding. 
It was incredibly soft, as if sitting on water. 
And Fiona’s fragrant silver hair filled the air with a pleasant scent. There was no more comfortable mount in the world. 
Moreover, centaurs running at full speed could even exceed the speed of sound! 
Reaching unimaginable, terrifying speeds. 
Sure enough, once adapted, Fiona could walk normally again. 
Thus, they headed towards the wild cave. 
,,, 
In the Sword Kingdom. 
Within the magnificent and resplendent Sword Sanctuary. 
Today, Edward once again gathered with the Gilbert brothers. 
“What are we waiting for? I’ll open a portal to the Dragon Slayer Guild right away.” 
“Alright, the gifts are prepared. We must invite Lord One-Eyed Owl! Let’s eliminate those flying lizards!” 
“Hmph, goblins, your death is imminent! We’ll have the Dragon Slayer Guild wipe you all out!” 
The three spoke in the hall. 
Their faces full of confidence. 
After a year of recuperation, the previous losses had been restored. 
So they decided to enlist the help of the Dragon Slayer Guild. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 129: The Terrifying Trophy Museum 
TL: Sungmin 
With the combined use of the long-distance magic teleportation array by the two Gilbert brothers, the three of them safely arrived at a teleportation point within the War Empire. 
Nations had agreements to establish fixed magic teleportation points for convenience. Given the vastness of the continent and underdeveloped transportation, rapid travel and communication depended on the teleportation abilities of mages. 
Upon entering the War Empire, the guards at the teleportation point respectfully saluted, “Greetings, Gilbert, Gilbus, and Your Majesty Edward.” 
“We are headed to the Dragon Slayer Guild,” Edward promptly reported.  
Being in such a vast empire, they dared not be too presumptuous. 
The soldiers immediately allowed them to pass. 
With Gilbert’s flight magic, it didn’t take long to reach the Dragon Slayer Guild. 
Although within the War Empire, the Dragon Slayer Guild was not affiliated with the country, functioning more like an allied force. It had an independent, luxurious city where residents were primarily followers drawn to its renown. These were mostly fanatics, extremists, and powerful individuals who yearned for the guild’s recognition to become one of them. 
From a distance, they saw a city with a massive dragon head sculpture pierced by a long sword atop the gate. Slaying dragons was what the guild loved to do most. 
There were no guards, and the gate was always open, allowing free entry and exit. After all, who would dare attack here? 
The streets were filled with various eccentric people: strangely dressed mages, wandering bards, heavily armored warriors, and cautious assassins, among others. Besides those wishing to join the Dragon Slayer Guild, some visitors came mainly as tourists to admire the trophies in the Dragon Museum. 
“Your Majesty Edward, since we’re here, why not take a look at the museum?” the Gilbert brothers suggested with mischievous smiles. 
They had heard rumors about the numerous nude specimens of demi-humans inside and wanted to see for themselves. 
Edward had no objections. “Hmm, it’s a good opportunity to gauge their strength. We need to determine if we can deal with those three flying lizards.” 
Soon, they saw the massive, luxurious building in the city’s center, adorned with carvings of various monsters’ heads, all pierced by swords or other weapons. 
The guild’s characteristic of strength and violence was evident even from the exterior. Visitors came in an endless stream because admission was free, requiring only one’s shocked expressions. 
Entering the first floor of the museum, they found it spacious. At the far end, there was a giant red dragon head, estimated to be a hundred meters in size. Edward was slightly astonished, reading the inscription below the head: “619-meter Fire Element Ancient Dragon Head, Slayer: Hodras, Dragon Slayer Guild Rank 19.” 
Around it were various monster remains, mostly eighth-tier creatures like Thunder Bears and Human-faced Gorillas. 
While impressive, the three were not overly shocked until they reached the second floor, where the true terror of the Dragon Slayer Guild became apparent. The weakest remains were ninth-tier monsters, including two dragon heads: “688-meter Water Element Ancient Dragon Head” and “690-meter Thunder Element Ancient Dragon Head—Slayer: Laburando, Dragon Slayer Guild Rank 18.” 
Moreover, there was a heart of a tenth-tier monster: “Heart of the Berserk Blood Howler—Slayer: Kain, Dragon Slayer Guild Rank 17.” 
The remains of other ninth-tier monsters also bore the names of their slayers, but the most shocking were those three. Ancient dragons nearly 700 meters long had a strength of at least 5000, and the tenth-tier monsters exceeded 6000! 
Upon reaching the third floor, even they felt the true abnormality of the Dragon Slayer Guild. It was filled with tenth-tier monsters and even some eleventh-tier ones, including a dragon head over 700 meters long! 
The Gilbert brothers were delighted to see what they wanted, “Tsk tsk tsk, the corpse of the former Siren Queen, it’s really here!” 
“Ugh! So ugly! Weren’t sirens supposed to be beautiful?” 
Sirens and water demons were close relatives, both extremely hideous. However, sirens were more powerful, with queens possessing a combat strength of 7000-8000. 
Edward coldly explained, “A siren’s magic can create the illusion of beauty, but a specimen’s magic cannot maintain it.” 
“Bro! It’s a specimen of the Catwoman tribe!” 
“Tsk tsk tsk, look at that figure. It’s said that the Catwoman tribe has no fat people, every one of them a top-notch cutie!” 
“The specimen is driving me crazy, I want to buy it!” 
The Gilbert brothers discovered another treasure, excitedly exclaiming. “Specimen of the Catwoman Princess—Slayer: Karine, Dragon Slayer Guild Rank 29.” 
Edward found it rather boring. 
Then they headed to the fourth floor 
Upon reaching the staircase corner, they felt an extremely terrifying and chilling pressure. It was as if pairs of truly living eyes were staring at them. 
Once inside, they saw an array of ancient dragon heads, each at least 700 meters long. The most impressive were the 800 and 900-meter ones, killed by the top-ranked members of the Dragon Slayer Guild. There were also many remains of eleventh-tier monsters. 
But a large inscription conveyed an even more formidable message: “Please proceed to the fifth floor to view the trophies of the Dragon Slayer Guild Leader.” 
Edward’s expression changed, puzzled by the idea of one person occupying an entire floor. 
When they stepped onto the first floor, they were utterly shocked beyond words. There were so many incredibly impressive specimens that each could have been a centerpiece on any floor. 
“A 1000-meter Ancient Crystal Dragon’s Core Crystal.” 
“A 990-meter Dark Element Ancient Dragon’s Head.” 
“A 930-meter Composite Element Dragon’s Head.” 
“The specimen of a twelfth-tier monster, the Insect Emperor Dobas.” 
“The heart of the twelfth-tier monster, the Devil Island Fish.” 
“The eye of the twelfth-tier monster, the Calamity Eye.” 
“The feather of the twelfth-tier monster, the Paradise Bird.” 
“The arm of the twelfth-tier monster, the Destroyer.” 
“The head of the twelfth-tier monster, the Reaper Mantis.” 
“The head of the twelfth-tier monster, the Two-headed Rat King.” 
“And more twelfth-tier monsters…” 
There were over ten more, all twelfth-tier monsters. These were formidable rulers in their realms. Even if not all were killed, obtaining parts from them was enough to shock people for a hundred years. 
Even Edward stood with his mouth agape, unable to close it. Each label bore the same name: “One-Eyed Owl Elizabeth Tilly, Dragon Slayer Guild Rank 1.” 
Edward had heard of this person’s terrifying prowess, but now he felt it firsthand. The fierce battle cries seemed to emanate from each specimen, as if the intense fights were being replayed before his eyes, vividly demonstrating One-Eyed Owl’s power. 
After a long silence, Edward finally moved his feet, approaching the core crystal of the Crystal Dragon at the center. 
“The Crystal Dragon, which dominated the position of Dragon King for millennia, had its core crystal taken by her?! No wonder there’s been no news of the Crystal Dragon in recent years. Without its core crystal, it probably couldn’t survive.” 
Edward stared at the dark purple, mirror-like crystal over a hundred meters in size, imagining the epic battle between One-Eyed Owl and the Crystal Dragon. Trophies had to be claimed single-handedly to be displayed in this museum. Group efforts were not qualified for display here. 
Immediately, Edward pulled the two Gilbert brothers away, heading to the true Dragon Slayer Guild outside. 
A magnificent castle stood there, surpassing even royal palaces in grandeur and luxury. The plants around were eighth and ninth-tier monsters. After Edward revealed his identity as a king, they were reluctantly allowed entry. However, they proceeded cautiously within the palace. 
Everyone inside exuded a unique, powerful aura, deterring any provocations. 
“Damn it, why do I feel like everyone wants to kill me?” Gilbert cursed nervously. Despite having over 8000 combat power, he didn’t dare make eye contact with anyone passing by, feeling oppressed by their domineering presence. 
Edward wasn’t as affected, with over 9000 combat power, but even he avoided eye contact with others, knowing that some extreme and crazy individuals like One-Eyed Owl were present. He feared causing trouble and potentially not leaving alive. 
“Keep your heads down, don’t draw attention, and when we reach the guildhall, stay silent,” Edward instructed.  
The usually arrogant Gilbert brothers nodded obediently, not daring to make a sound. 
Soon, they reached the guildhall at the core of the palace, where most guild members relaxed. Though called a hall, it didn’t entertain outsiders; it was a place for the Dragon Slayer Guild members to eat, drink, and have fun. 
From afar, they heard the clinking of glasses. Pushing the door open, they saw dozens of people gathered, seemingly watching something. 
“Gulp, gulp, gulp…” 
“Bang!” 
The sound of a heavy mug slamming on the table echoed, followed by a satisfied exhale. A muscular, long-haired woman had downed a large mug of beer. She was the Dragon Slayer Guild Leader, One-Eyed Owl Elizabeth Tilly! 
With dark, healthy, wheat-colored skin and a bold, passionate outfit, she made Gilbert and the others gulp.  
“Keep it coming! Tonight, I’ll drink you all under the table! Hahaha!” Elizabeth’s voice was cheerful and excited. The two men across from her were already disoriented, one slipping off his chair to the floor, raising a white flag.  
Elizabeth laughed loudly, “Pathetic! Who’s next?” 
Meanwhile, more than ten people lay unconscious beneath the table.  
Then, they noticed Edward and his companions. The previously joyful gazes turned sharp and cold, like blades piercing their hearts. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 130: The One-Eyed Owl, Elizabeth! 
TL: Sungmin 
Edward and his companions were terrified. 
They felt like lambs being stalked by a pack of strong and ferocious wolves. 
Gilbert and his brother whispered to each other, “Should we leave? We can give up on the territory in the Lionheart Empire.” 
“I don’t think we can leave.” 
Looking at the three of them, Elizabeth spoke first, “Where did you little brats come from?” 
“S-sorry, we came to the wrong place…” 
Edward smiled awkwardly and prepared to leave. 
But the heavy doors suddenly closed, trapping them inside. 
A man spoke coldly, “Do you think you can come and go as you please? If you want to leave, leave behind a leg or a hand!” 
“I prefer eyes!” 
“How about leaving a whole corpse, ha ha ha!” 
Seeing their crazed expressions, Edward hurriedly revealed his identity, “Wait, I am the King of the Sword Kingdom.” 
“I… I am the King of the Clover Magic Kingdom!” 
“And so am I!” 
Their hearts raced, praying nothing would happen. 
However, these people didn’t care. 
Elizabeth sneered, “Is that so? Then kill them all and bury them under the magic flowers outside as fertilizer.” 
“What?!” 
Gilbert and his brother were so frightened they nearly fainted. 
Edward summoned the Sylph of the Wind and drew his sword, its cold blade flashing! 
He was ready to fight to the death. 
“Don’t push me!” 
Feeling the fierce sword energy swirling around the hall like a storm, a man in armor couldn’t sit still, “Hahaha, seems you’re quite strong. You’re my prey now!” 
He was none other than Stephen, the fourth-ranked member of the Dragon Slayer Guild. 
He had single-handedly killed an ancient dragon over 800 meters long. 
Combat power of 9,300. 
Before he even called for the fight to begin, he charged forward with a punch! 
“Boom!” 
The terrifying punch shattered the walls of the hall, blowing the three men out! 
Dust filled the air! 
Edward didn’t dare to be careless, almost cursing, “Damn, going all out right from the start?” 
Dodging the punch, he didn’t hold back either. 
“Elemental Sword Skill: Meteor Dance!” 
Behind him, Sylph followed like a ghost, blowing a breath onto his long sword. 
As he swung, the sword energy streaked like meteors, filling the square with their brilliant light! 
Continuously attacking Stephen! 
The crisp sound of sword energy striking armor echoed, shaking everyone! 
It was like countless meteors falling. 
Before long, Stephen’s armor cracked and then shattered! 
“No wonder you’re the Sword Saint, breaking my armor with one move. If I don’t bring out something special, I might die!” 
“World-class Combat Skill: Giant’s War Cry!” 
A gigantic figure burst from Stephen’s body, veins bulging as it roared, shattering all the meteor sword energy. 
Before Stephen could react, a cold long sword was already at his twitching throat. 
The sword tip pressed against him, just a hair’s breadth from piercing his skin. 
Edward’s face darkened, “You lost…” 
He had seized that moment of weakness, with Sylph forming a wind shield to avoid being affected by the war cry. 
Stephen’s expression turned ugly, screaming in madness, “Lost? I can never lose!!!” 
He charged forward, letting the long sword pierce his throat, blood spraying high! 
But Stephen also grabbed Edward with all his strength, “Ultimate Combat Skill: Death Embrace!” 
“Crack!” 
Almost instantly, Sylph’s wind shield shattered! 
Next, Edward’s bones began to crack audibly! 
“Ugh!” 
The sudden attack of terrifying strength made Edward spit blood, his internal organs pierced by broken ribs! 
His body was nearly deformed. 
The two collapsed on the verge of death. 
Gilbert and his brother were dumbfounded, “Madman! He’s a fucking madman! Isn’t living well enough? Enjoying life every night isn’t enough?” 
“Fighting and killing are too scary! I shouldn’t have come here!” 
What they regretted most was provoking Lin Tian. 
Now they doubted they’d ever return, likely ending up like Edward. 
“W-what was the point of this…” Edward said bitterly, his full strength not yet unleashed, taken down together. 
It was truly frustrating. 
Stephen laughed while spitting blood, “Heh heh, I wanted you to fear me…” 
As he spoke, both felt their consciousness fading, nearing death. 
“Clap, clap, clap…” 
At that moment, Elizabeth clapped her hands and slowly approached, “Well done, you two little ones!” 
She stood tall, at least 1.8 meters, so calling them little ones was quite appropriate. 
Then she separated the two men and took out a bottle of Holy Water, pouring it over each of them. 
Their injuries healed at a speed visible to the naked eye. 
Gilbert and his brother, terrified, couldn’t help but feel pained, “Holy Water! That’s as valuable as world-class magical items! Wasting it just like that?!” 
World-class magical items could be used continuously. 
But Holy Water could only be used once. 
It couldn’t bring back the dead, but as long as there was a breath left, it could save a life and even regenerate severed limbs. 
Stephen stood up as if nothing had happened, “Thanks, boss. That was exhilarating. Did you see that? My blood could spray ten meters, haha!” 
“Awesome! Does it feel as good as spraying with a woman?” Someone gave a thumbs-up and asked. 
They didn’t care that Elizabeth was a woman, and she didn’t mind either. 
Stephen thought for a moment, shaking his head, “Not sure, but it felt heavenly! You guys should try it sometime.” 
“Alright!” 
Everyone looked envious. 
Stephen had taken down the Sword Saint! 
They all knew Edward’s identity and were intrigued by the idea of fighting him. 
Hearing this, Gilbert and his brother huddled together, trembling, “Did you hear that, bro? He said alright!” 
“Hey, you two, let’s have a go!” 
At that moment, a muscular man approached them from behind. 
The two brothers were so frightened they fell to their knees, begging for mercy, “Spare us, big brother! We were just visiting the museum and got lost!” 
“Hmph, useless. You’re not worthy to be my prey!” 
The muscular man spat in their faces and left, cursing. 
Kneeling and begging opponents didn’t even spark his desire to fight. 
At this time, Edward had gradually recovered and quickly explained to Elizabeth, “Lady Elizabeth, we mean no harm. We just want to ask for your help in hunting powerful prey.” 
Hearing this, Elizabeth showed a bit of interest. 
“Powerful prey? You should’ve said so earlier. Tell me more.” 
Elizabeth was interested and patted Edward on the shoulder. 
Her strength almost shattered his bones. 
Looking at this tall, muscular woman filled him with dread. 
Edward then explained, “We originally went to defeat the Goblin Empire, but for some reason, three ancient dragons are guarding it, each over 800 meters long! The strongest is close to 1,000 meters—a terrifying black dragon!” 
“Yes, yes, we lost 300,000 troops because of this!” Gilbert quickly added. 
Still kneeling, he couldn’t get up. 
Elizabeth’s expression changed slightly, “A black dragon close to 1,000 meters? I’ve never heard of that. Are you lying? If you dare to lie, I’ll crush you all.” 
Though her tone was playful, like a mischievous older sister, 
no one thought she was joking. 
They believed she really would crush them! 
Edward hurriedly shook his head, “No, no! It’s absolutely true!” 
“That’s bullshit. We know there’s only one ancient dragon over 1,000 meters, an elemental fire dragon. Boss, just crush him.” Stephen cursed. 
As Edward was about to explain further, a soft, fragrant hand pressed down on his head. 
Elizabeth wore an evil, exaggerated smile, her one eye watching him playfully. 
Thump! 
Edward felt the threat of death! His heart raced, wanting to summon Sylph. 
But Sylph didn’t respond. 
She was too scared to come out! 
It was over! 
He was going to die! 
Gilbert and his brother quickly closed their eyes, not daring to see the gruesome scene of his head bursting! 
“I-I don’t want to die, Lady Elizabeth, I’m not lying!” Edward was on the verge of tears. 
The Sword Saint, a king of an empire lasting centuries! 
Yet he was filled with the terror of being a plaything, easily crushed! 
In the face of this monstrously strong woman, he felt utterly insignificant. 
At that moment, Elizabeth released him, smirking disdainfully, “Seems like you’re not lying, just a bit too cowardly. Stephen, you three brothers go check it out. If it’s true, I’ll come.” 
She didn’t want to be tricked into going far to deal with goblins. 
She knew about the Goblin Empire. 
But fighting goblins was disgraceful! 
The Dragon Slayer Guild had strict rules against killing low-level, weak monsters like goblins. 
It was disgraceful. If anyone was found hunting goblins for rewards or other reasons, they would be executed jointly. 
Edward’s mention of encountering ancient dragons while attacking the Goblin Empire made her suspect he was tricking her into fighting goblins. 
So, she sent Stephen and his brothers. 
At that moment, two more people stepped forward, named Steven and Steve. 
The three were blood brothers, not only very close but also equally strong, each with a combat power of around 9,000. 
“Boss, leave it to us. If he’s lying, we’ll kill him on the spot!” 
Steven said with a cold smile. 
He had two rows of sharp teeth. 
He liked leaving bite marks on his prey and had sharpened his teeth with a knife, like a beast. 
Seeing their strength, Edward dared not ask for anything else. 
Since these guys mainly dealt with dragons, he felt three people were enough. 
They could surely handle it. 
Gilbert and his brother didn’t dare say a word. 
Even if they had objections, they had to swallow them. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 131: King of the Goblins!! 
TL: Sungmin 
“Then let’s go.” 
Stephen laughed coldly and added, “If you’re lying to us, I’ll twist off your heads and use them as toilets.” 
Edward swallowed, cold sweat seeping from his forehead. 
This guy was a pure madman; Edward believed he could stab him at any moment. 
He had to stay vigilant at all times. 
“Don’t worry, it’s not a lie. Besides, that goblin will certainly exceed your expectations and become your prey.” Edward spoke respectfully. 
After speaking, the group headed towards the magic teleportation point. 
… 
In the desolate Gobi desert within the Sword Kingdom’s western borders. 
Dust and wind danced together, filling the sky. 
They could only squint as they moved forward, but their noses and mouths were filled with sand. 
This harsh environment led to an absence of people and even very few creatures. 
Lin Tian rode steadily on Fiona, their normal traveling speed akin to riding an electric scooter. 
This exhausted Gobu Kuang and the others. 
They followed behind, eating animal flesh and replenishing their strength just to barely keep up. 
Finally, they reached a small desert, where a huge mine pit could be seen ahead. 
“Is that it? I don’t want to stay in this godforsaken place any longer. Boss, let’s hurry up and go!” Gobu Shan said tearfully, his body protected by evil bones now turned brittle. 
He looked as if he were covered in golden breadcrumbs, all sand. 
As he prepared to jump off into the desert, Fiona warned, “Wait, do you see those strange sand shapes? If you go down, you’ll definitely get bitten and lose a chunk of flesh.” 
The sand below formed small circular ripples. 
On closer inspection, many such circles could be seen. 
Gobu Tian suddenly spoke in surprise, “I didn’t notice earlier, but there are many big worms under the sand!” 
From his perspective, one could barely see half of the worms’ bodies. 
They resembled centipedes, with huge pincers like iron clamps. 
Each one was at least several meters long. 
They lurked below, quietly waiting for prey to take the bait. 
“This area is deserted, with a severe lack of magical creatures, but it can still develop king variant goblins thanks to these sand worms. They provide ample food and breeding tools for the goblins.” Fiona explained. 
Then, magic arrays formed under her feet, glowing faintly. 
She carried Lin Tian, walking on air! 
They avoided the sand worms’ hunting grounds and reached the mine pit entrance. 
Gobu Kuang was stunned, “A centaur can fly! But how do we get across?” 
Fiona didn’t care about them, only bringing Lin Tian over. 
At this moment, Gobu Tian took out a void dagger and created a portal with Void Escape. 
He then flew to the opposite side and opened another portal. 
“You two, come over!” Gobu Tian said. 
Though he didn’t fly high or fast, he could at least fly. 
Thus, they safely crossed over. 
In the middle, they saw the spiral path winding down and the massive cave that seemed bottomless. Lin Tian couldn’t imagine how much had been mined here. 
The width alone exceeded three thousand meters. 
Fiona explained, “The Sword Kingdom is powerful because their elite soldiers’ swords are made of special elemental iron. This is the elemental iron mine.” 
Elemental iron, plus the sand worms outside. 
Lin Tian pondered, making everyone stay alert. 
The Goblin King below wouldn’t be easy to deal with. 
Goblins adapted to their environment, and the sand worms and elemental iron would only make them stronger. 
They began descending into the mine. 
They initially expected it to get darker, but after about a thousand meters, they started turning. 
The mine’s passage was enormous, thirty meters high and hundreds of meters wide. 
The walls emitted a faint glow from various minerals. 
It was like a dream world. 
Fiona led the way with Lin Tian. 
She knew well where the king variant tribe was; during their previous wandering, she and her people had survived in this mine. 
Sadly, due to food scarcity, they left. 
There wasn’t even grass to eat here, and they had lost ten of their people to starvation, a painful lesson. 
They continued walking for a while, and the light ahead grew brighter. 
It was clear that the light wasn’t from the minerals but from fires. 
Lin Tian also smelled a familiar scent in the air. 
Goblins… 
This environment made hiding difficult; entering rashly meant starting a fight. 
“Gobu Tian, go check the situation.” 
Lin Tian said. 
Regardless of the enemy’s strength, Lin Tian wouldn’t act without absolute certainty. 
Soon, Gobu Tian stealthily approached and remained undetected. 
When he returned, his expression was a bit surprised. “Boss, there are at least ten thousand goblins here. Excluding the king variant, there’s one overlord variant, three leader variants, fifty hero variants, over three hundred big variants, and the rest are low-level.” 
“The key is, it’s not just us. There’s also a human adventurer squad lurking at another mine entrance, planning to raid this goblin tribe.” 
Upon hearing this, Lin Tian was also a bit surprised. “Humans? What are their capabilities?” 
“Not sure, but judging by their emblems, they’re a legendary-level team. Their strength must be significant.” 
Gobu Tian replied. 
Legendary level, huh. 
Lin Tian pondered, estimating their combat power to be over 4,000. 
Their overall average should be around 5,000. 
Currently, Fiona had the highest power at over 9,000, he himself had over 7,000, and Gobu Kuang had 6,800. 
Gobu Tian and Gobu Shan were close to 6,000. 
They could completely overpower them. 
“I’ll go check it out first. You all wait at the corner for my command.” 
Lin Tian revealed an evil smile and walked over. 
The outskirts were where the small goblins lived. 
Luckily, Lin Tian looked exactly like a low-level goblin, allowing him to blend in perfectly. 
Even if they sensed something was off, they would only feel confused, not attack. 
After all, where else would goblins come from in a place like this? 
“So hungry, I really want to taste human flesh…” 
“I’m sick of eating sandworms, can’t even catch a sand lizard.” 
“Don’t even mention humans, I’ve never seen one in my life!” 
In the outskirts, the low-level goblins were complaining. 
Even when sleeping, they had to curl up in sand pits. There were no leaves or branches to build shelters here. 
There were plenty of rocks, but low-level goblins couldn’t make stone houses. 
Lin Tian naturally walked in. 
Immediately, several low-level goblins looked at him with confusion. “Sniff sniff, why do you smell different?” 
As they spoke, they licked out sticky, disgusting tongues like hungry wolves. 
They approached, sniffing carefully. 
Seeing their sinister faces like little demons, Lin Tian felt a bit nauseated. 
However, he noticed something peculiar; they all had a layer of hard shell armor on their bodies. 
Probably because of the sandworms. 
“I peed on myself a while before.” Lin Tian said impatiently. 
He pushed these guys aside and walked toward the center. 
Goblins were bullies by nature. Seeing him so strong and unusually powerful, they dared not ask further. 
They felt as if their bones were being crushed. 
Lin Tian crawled up to the top of the mine, overlooking the tribe. 
Unexpectedly, it was quite large. 
They had even captured a large number of sandworms, probably for breeding. 
In the middle, a massive stone house likely belonged to the Goblin King. 
With his keen skills, Lin Tian spotted a few shadows in stealth gear on the mine wall. 
They almost blended into the surroundings. 
Their power levels were all around 5,000, with the strongest at 6,000! 
This made them top-tier even among legendary adventurers. 
Seeing them lurking without making a move, Lin Tian decided to lend a hand. 
He walked outside the stone house and called out, “Boss, I found a treasure, come and see!” 
Following his words, 
A strong, green goblin walked out of the pitch-black stone house, resembling Piccolo from Dragon Ball. 
He was about as tall as a human. 
With a fierce demeanor, the aura of a superior radiated from him. 
His eyes were full of disdain for everything. 
He was the Goblin King. 
Looking at Lin Tian coldly, he said, “Treasure? Bring it here.” 
“Take a look…” 
Lin Tian began, but suddenly found the Goblin King squatting in front of him, his bloodshot eyes staring at him closely. 
So close! 
There was murder in his eyes! 
“Haven’t I said many times, in my presence, low-level goblins kneel, big variants bow, and hero variants lower their heads?” 
The Goblin King threatened menacingly. 
Just as he was about to crush Lin Tian, he noticed what he held. 
His eyes lit up, and he snatched it immediately. “This, looks like a magic item! Where did you get it?!” 
“I found it outside.” 
Lin Tian said with his head down, trying to hide the murderous intent in his eyes. 
It was just a low-quality tenth-tier magic shortsword, stored in his space ring, of no real use. 
Giving it to him didn’t matter much. 
But for the Goblin King, it was a treasure. “Good stuff! I’ll spare your life.” 
“How could a small goblin find such a magic item? Is it really that easy to find?” 
The adventurer captain on the wall sighed. 
He wanted to find one too. 
He had been waiting for an opportunity, but now the Goblin King had obtained a tenth-tier magic shortsword. 
It would be even harder to kill him. 
[Goblin Bug: Lv95<br/>
Race: Goblin<br/>
Profession: None<br/>
Title: Goblin King…<br/>
Health: 2500<br/>
Strength: 900<br/>
Defense: 999<br/>
Skills: Command, Bite, Death Sandstorm, Rebirth (after death, can transform into a cocoon and evolve into a new form, greatly increasing power)…<br/>
Equipment: Feis Shortsword<br/>
Overall: 7100] 
Now that he had the tenth-tier magic item, his combat power had greatly increased. 
He broke through to 7,000. 
“Boss, I…” 
Lin Tian was about to expose the adventurer squad above, intending to let them fight first. 
But suddenly. 
The Goblin King leaned in close again, menacingly saying, “Did I allow you to speak? You low-level scum seem quite ignorant, do you want to die?” 
He wouldn’t be grateful for Lin Tian finding the weapon. 
If he was unhappy, he would kill any goblin he wanted. 
Lin Tian calmed himself, afraid he might kill him on the spot, triggering his Rebirth skill and making him harder to deal with. 
If they fought and both sides got hurt. 
The adventurers would benefit. 
He continued, “Boss, I want to say there are many humans above!” 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 132: The Goblin King’s Evolution through Breaking the Cocoon 
TL: Sungmin 
The Goblin King raised his head. 
Sure enough, he spotted that group of adventurers. 
But then, he locked eyes with Lin Tian in a death stare, “Don’t think you can earn my favor this way. If you don’t want to die, get lost!” 
Was this guy insane!? 
Lin Tian was dying to tear that smug face to shreds! 
But he restrained himself for now, wanting to see what kind of power the Goblin King had after breaking out of his cocoon. 
“Hmph, your eyes are sharp for a piece of trash. Get lost!” 
The Goblin King sneered, kicking Lin Tian away. 
Yet, when he looked at his own foot, he found it unexpectedly broken. 
Forcing it back into place, he drew a shortsword and leaped at the adventurers above! 
“Boom!!!” 
The ceiling of the mine collapsed, sending down a barrage of massive rocks! 
Dust filled the air! 
Given the thousand-meter thickness above, there was no fear of collapse. 
When the dust settled, the adventurers stopped pretending and surrounded the Goblin King directly. 
“Getting seen through by a low-level goblin, how embarrassing.” The adventurer captain snapped. 
The Goblin King, with a face full of madness, looked at them, “Humans? You dare come to my tribe to die? Kekeke, children, it’s your turn!” 
To everyone’s surprise, he retreated to the back, letting a horde of goblins charge forward. 
Lin Tian’s heart ached watching this; he thought this guy was a formidable foe. 
He swore to make him die a slow death later! 
The adventurers maintained their formation while the mages bombarded the goblins relentlessly. 
The result was a gruesome scene of goblins blown to pieces, blood splattering everywhere. 
However, it did deplete the adventurers’ energy. 
The Goblin King, being highly intelligent, understood the principle of sacrificing others to save oneself. 
Even if all the low-level goblins died, he wouldn’t care. 
Soon, tens of thousands of goblins were killed or injured in the explosions! 
The Goblin King glared at the adventurers, enraged, “I’ll make you wish you were dead! Especially that female mage!” 
“Hmph, if you have the guts, come and try.” 
The female mage sneered, her staff constantly casting explosive spells. 
The thunderous roars echoed through the mine! 
Deafening! 
One giant crater after another appeared as if bombs were being dropped. 
But this also consumed a lot of the supporting adventurers’ magic. 
Suddenly, the Goblin King activated his skill, Death Sandstorm! 
“Shashasha!” 
A powerful sandstorm surged through the entire mine! 
It filled every crevice like a flood, even spraying high up from the main shaft a thousand meters deep! 
Lin Tian frowned slightly. Was this the extent of the Goblin King’s power? 
He had a battle power of 7,000, it shouldn’t be like this. 
He wondered if the system had recently malfunctioned, overestimating the battle power. 
This sandstorm was ineffective. 
However. 
Dozens of meters high, sandworms roared and emerged, touching the mine’s ceiling! 
At least a hundred of them, like gigantic centipedes, with vicious, hardened black mandibles, capable of slicing a person in half. 
All of them attacked the adventurers. 
The female mage panicked, “Super-tier Magic · Destructive Explosive Flame!” 
Flames burst out, unable to kill even one sandworm. 
In the sandstorm, other elemental skills were significantly weakened, while the sandworms’ strength greatly increased. 
Originally with a battle power of 1,000, now each had 3,000! 
Their defense was also incredibly high. 
The Goblin King, having absorbed the earth element and sandworm genes, could move freely in his sandstorm. 
He began a counterattack with the sandworms. 
This explained why he didn’t care about the goblins’ lives. 
Compared to the useless goblins, these sandworms were much stronger. 
Under the sandworms’ assault, the adventurers were pushed back with no escape. 
“Ultimate Sword Technique · Heris Greatsword!!!” 
The adventurer captain was forced to use his trump card, his sword conjuring a golden phantom! 
A massive sword formed. 
With a swing, it easily sliced through the sandworms. 
Thick, viscous fluid sprayed everywhere, nauseating. 
Lin Tian watched from a distance, relieved he hadn’t acted first. Everyone was holding back their ultimate moves. 
Though he could handle it, it would still be troublesome. 
The Goblin King felt heartbroken, “Come back, my babies! Don’t all die!” 
He had hoped to use these sandworms to conquer the Sword Kingdom. 
Now they were being cut down like weeds, dying in pairs. 
Helplessly, he dispelled the sandstorm, recalling the sandworms. 
But doing so exposed him to concentrated attacks. 
“Kill him instantly!” 
The female mage commanded angrily, “Ultimate Magic · Dragon Binding Chains!” 
Giant chains temporarily restricted the Goblin King. 
The other adventurers began concentrating their attacks, unleashing all their skills. 
In just one second, the Goblin King was severely injured, even losing an arm to the adventurer captain’s golden greatsword. 
“Don’t drive me to the edge!” The Goblin King roared, dragging his battered body. 
The adventurer captain’s eyes were cold, “Hmph, a monster like you, I want to drive you to death. What about it?” 
Just as he spoke, the Goblin King suddenly charged. 
But he aimed at the captain’s sword. 
“Swish!” 
With one strike, the Goblin King fell dead on the spot! 
Everyone was dumbfounded. What was going on? Did he just commit suicide? 
This king variant died too pitifully! No one anticipated this. 
The Goblin King’s body on the ground began to rot visibly fast. 
In the blink of an eye, it turned into a viscous liquid. 
“What’s happening?” The adventurers were full of confusion. 
The female mage sensed something amiss, “Look, these liquids are solidifying. Doesn’t it look like a cocoon?” 
“Break it quickly!!!” The adventurer captain’s expression changed drastically. He swung his giant sword frantically! 
But each hit felt like striking steel! 
The pain shot through his hands! 
And because the giant sword state had been maintained for too long, his magic power was nearly exhausted. 
The female mage’s magical attacks were also useless. 
Despite their combined efforts, they couldn’t damage the cocoon’s silk. 
Helpless, the adventurer captain had to order, “Let’s go quickly. This guy is definitely up to something!” 
As they prepared to flee, the cocoon started to move. 
Bit by bit, it began to shed. 
Everyone’s backs were covered in goosebumps, their minds filled with one thought: escape! 
“Where are you going? This state feels absolutely amazing! Hahaha!” 
Suddenly, the reborn Goblin King stood before them! 
He was completely different now. 
His skin had turned into a biological exoskeleton like the sandworms’, his mouth transformed into mandibles. 
He had insect wings on his back! 
His segmented body had turned into an arthropod’s exoskeleton. 
The powerful, confident pressure made the adventurers almost unable to breathe. 
In an instant, he caught up with them, the speed unimaginable! 
The Goblin King waved his hand! 
Without needing the sandstorm state, he summoned numerous sandworms! 
They surrounded all the adventurers. 
“Bite them to death!” The Goblin King said playfully. 
The sandworms’ mandibles tore through, producing metallic crunching sounds! 
If bitten, one wouldn’t survive, even if they did, they’d be maimed! 
“Ahh! My leg is gone!” 
An adventurer cried out in terror. With his magic power exhausted, he couldn’t hold his sword, let alone resist. 
He was instantly caught by a sandworm. 
The pain hadn’t even fully set in; it was just adrenaline numbing him. 
In the next second, a sandworm bit his head, pulling it out along with his spine! 
“Lar!!!” 
The female mage almost collapsed in fear! She could barely hold her staff! 
The scene was suffocating! 
The adventurer captain, veins bulging in anger, swung his sword again at the Goblin King. 
“Swish!” 
“Crack!!” 
However, his sword struck metal and broke! 
The light-element sword was only powerful in its magical state, like the golden greatsword earlier. 
In normal state, it was as strong as a finely crafted alloy sword, sturdy but not exceptionally hard. 
But it shouldn’t have failed to cut a person and instead broke. 
“How is this possible!” 
The Goblin King wiped a white mark off his shoulder, drew a tenth-tier shortsword, and thrust it violently! 
He stabbed the adventurer captain’s heart! 
With a twist! 
The heart shattered into pieces! 
“You!” 
Blood gushed from the adventurer captain’s mouth, and he fell dead without uttering another word. 
The Goblin King sneered disdainfully, “With so little magic power, don’t go strutting around. If you’d used your light-element state, I might not have withstood that sword.” 
“Captain!” 
The female mage watched her captain die miserably, sinking further into despair! 
Suddenly, a teammate was bitten by a sandworm, and with a pull, was torn in half. 
Half of him landed on the female mage. 
She almost fainted in fear! 
The Goblin King approached her slowly, breaking her limbs, “Kekekeke, it’s been so long since I played with a human. How nostalgic.” 
“Ahhh, let me go, my limbs are broken!” 
The female mage screamed in agony, yet she was lifted up. 
Every movement caused her broken bones to shift, stabbing into the nerves beneath the flesh, the pain obliterating any sense of pleasure. 
Foaming at the mouth, she lost consciousness!!! 
The Goblin King’s evil laughter echoed amidst the screams! 
He then discarded her like trash, not even interested in eating her. 
Because he felt invincible now. 
He planned to raid villages, enjoying younger and tastier prey! 
Now that he could fly, he wasn’t afraid of being hunted by the Sword Kingdom. He could escape anytime. 
Returning here was his domain, where he could control all the sandworms in the sandstorm state! 
At least tens of thousands. 
No need to breed goblins anymore. If they died, they died. He didn’t care. 
“My kingdom will be built in the sand! Hahaha!!!” 
The Goblin King laughed, fantasizing about ruling the region. 
At that moment. 
A cold, ominous voice sounded, “Boss, I’d like to share your kingdom too, can I?” 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 133: Enhancing Strength, Exchanging Skills 
TL: Sungmin 
“You useless waste, still not dead??” 
“Shush!” 
In the blink of an eye, the Goblin King was once again in Lin Tian’s face. 
His eyes, filled with murderous intent, looked at him with a strange expression. 
But instantly! 
He sensed a strong threat and quickly retreated backward. 
Seeing Gobu Kuang and the others emerging from the shadows, he became highly vigilant! 
Each one of them exuded a fierce aura. 
They were not the high-tier types that could be born in his tribe! 
In disbelief, he asked, “You, you are goblins from which tribe? Wait! You are not from my tribe?!” 
At that moment, he realized. 
“Boss, you finally figured it out.” Lin Tian said with a mischievous smile. 
At first glance! 
The Goblin King noticed an unprecedented terrifying demonic aura emanating from Lin Tian! He was definitely an extremely powerful demon! 
What had he been tormenting just now! 
A mere low-tier form, yet hiding such power. 
He had a premonition he would die here! 
The Rebirth skill now needed a long time to restart, and if he died now, he would truly die! 
“Death Sandstorm!”  
The Goblin King quickly used his skill to buy time to escape. 
He couldn’t die yet; how could he die here? 
His future was limitless! 
As long as he evolved again and again, he could become invincible! 
However. 
Facing the massive sandworms, Lin Tian directly took out the Spear of Zeus, “Divine Thunder Punishment!” 
Although he couldn’t summon lightning here, the stored lightning was enough to cut a path! 
“Boom!” 
A surge of purple lightning burst forth, carving out a wide, straight path through the sandstorm. 
The ground scorched black, and the sandworms on both sides were paralyzed by the electricity, unable to move. 
In almost an instant, Lin Tian and the others rushed in front of the Goblin King, blocking him. 
Gobu Shan’s evil bones unfurled, sealing the entire passage. 
Forming a wall. 
“Don’t force me!” 
The Goblin King prepared to counterattack on the spot but was suppressed by Gobu Kuang’s magic beam attack, retreating repeatedly. 
Lin Tian stabbed fiercely with his spear, and the once-indestructible exoskeleton cracked with one hit! 
With a little more force, he pierced through. 
A large amount of green viscous liquid flowed out, extremely foul-smelling. 
The Goblin King grimaced in pain, “Ah! My exoskeleton, impossible!” 
While shouting, he planned to use his hardest mandibles to bite Lin Tian. 
These black, shiny pincers could even chew through alloy. 
“Shush!” 
Suddenly, a long spear directly pierced his mouth, pinning his head to the bone wall. 
It was Fiona. 
The valiant spear could easily shatter his bones. 
“Let me go, I am a Goblin King, you damned bunch, kneel before me!!” 
The Goblin King screamed in pain, starting to release his skill Command. 
Even goblins not of the same tribe would be controlled by him. 
Goblin Slayer, being of half-human, half-goblin blood, could only control other goblins through the king’s genes sensed in her blood. 
But the true Goblin King was different. He could indiscriminately summon all non-king types with just a skill activation. 
A strange energy wave rippled out. 
Gobu Kuang and the others were all covered by the summon. 
However, it had no effect. 
Because they actually belonged to the Goblin Slayer tribe, and with a king leading them, they wouldn’t be affected by another king. 
“You all?! But this guy? No king’s signal in your body, why aren’t you affected by my control?” 
The Goblin King, in shock, couldn’t understand the situation. 
Lin Tian had never been controlled by Goblin Slayer, and during this period, he had reached the level of a king type without her suppression. 
Though the exact reason was unknown. 
It was certainly closely related to the titles he gained from his interactions with Gobu Yue. 
Unfortunately, he and Gobu Yue couldn’t evolve. 
But their strength conversion far surpassed overlord types. 
Lin Tian coldly looked at him, licking his lips, “I really like your ability the more I see it. Let me see if I can obtain it?” 
“What are you going to do? Wait, I am the Goblin King, don’t kill me, I can serve you! Ahhh!” 
“Rip…” 
Along with his screams, there was the eerie sound of bones and flesh separating. 
Lin Tian fiercely bit off a chunk of flesh from his ugly face. 
However, his exoskeleton was very hard, making it extremely difficult to bite. 
The Goblin King was in excruciating pain, never having suffered such treatment during his long, patient growth. 
Finally, he understood why everyone hated goblins so much! 
He started eating him alive! 
In no time, he had been gnawed half to death, with thick blood oozing from his broken bones. 
“Damn goblin! Stop biting me, it hurts so much!!!” 
The Goblin King screamed shrilly, his whole body convulsing. 
Lin Tian took small bites, fearing that he might consume all the flesh before acquiring the skill. 
‘Ding, congratulations on obtaining the passive skill · Rebirth!’ 
Only then did Lin Tian stop. 
The Goblin King, not yet dead, still had the will to live, “Is it enough? Just spare me, I can…” 
“Alright, Gobu Kuang, just eat him whole.” 
Lin Tian cut him off, giving direct orders. 
There was no way to spare such a creature. If he escaped, he would certainly retaliate fiercely. 
He had to be completely eradicated to avoid future troubles. 
Moreover, the primary purpose this time was to evolve Gobu Kuang. 
“Wait! What are you…!” 
Before he could finish, Gobu Kuang tore off his limbs and stuffed them into his mouth. 
Even parts he couldn’t chew were forcibly swallowed. 
Until nothing remained. 
Nearby. 
Gobu Tian and Gobu Shan devoured the corpses of adventurers and powerful goblins. 
They, too, evolved into overlord variants. 
[Gobu Tian: Lv81<br/>
Race: Goblin<br/>
Profession: Shadow Assassin<br/>
Title: Elf Child, Hunter in the Shadows…<br/>
Health: 1800<br/>
Strength: 899<br/>
Defense: 790<br/>
Skills: Merging into Darkness (completely invisible when stationary in shadows), Shadow Assault (control shadows to attack with 80% of the user’s strength), Ambush, Backstabber…<br/>
Equipment: Void Dagger<br/>
Overall: 6900] 
Overall, there wasn’t much change, but several powerful skills were added. 
Previous skills were, of course, retained. 
Evolution didn’t cause skills to disappear. 
[Gobu Shan: Lv83<br/>
Race: Goblin<br/>
Profession: Bone Warrior<br/>
Title: Undying Battle Bone, Elf Child…<br/>
Health: 2500<br/>
Strength: 810<br/>
Defense: 1000<br/>
Skills: Evil Bones<br/>
Equipment: Athena’s Spear and Shield, Evil Bones<br/>
Overall: 6910] 
He didn’t have many special skills now, but his Evil Bones could change freely, controlling attacks at will. 
They could stab into the ground for a surprise strike, launch long-distance attacks, or transform into a shield. 
One skill equivalent to countless others. 
At this moment. 
Gobu Kuang finally began to change, his bones creaking. 
He was visibly shrinking. 
Dirty bone spikes and tumors on his body fell off. 
He even shed a layer of skin and flesh completely. 
Emerging in a new form from the decayed shell. 
He now resembled the initial state of the Goblin King. 
Like Piccolo from Dragon Ball, his deep green, lizard-like skin was granular. 
However, he was more robust, resembling a classic bodybuilding champion. 
He also grew four arms. 
The two hands on his back that once held demonic flames had withered, transforming into blue and purple veins. 
These extended to all four arms. 
Giving him a highly aesthetic biological appearance. 
Now, with these four hands, he could conjure magic balls effortlessly. 
His combat power directly surged to 8,000! 
Even surpassing Lin Tian in some aspects, as he consumed the most flesh and transformed into the ultimate goblin tier. 
The King Variant. 
He gained two new innate skills: ‘Dim Beam’ and ‘King’s Domain’. 
Evolving from High Pressure Domain to Demonic Domain, now to King’s Domain. 
Dim Beam was purely a magical attack. 
King’s Domain was a buff effect, weakening opponents’ attributes and enhancing his own. During the domain, all his skills would be amplified. 
For instance, Dim Beam could amplify to ‘Ultimate Dim Light’, causing blindness and loss of all senses in the target. 
Not only could he amplify himself, but also his teammates. 
Lin Tian’s Ruinous Howl could amplify to ‘Ultimate Roar’, with greater range and power. 
Seeing the sharp-eyed, imposing Gobu Kuang. 
Everyone felt a bit unfamiliar. 
He looked different from his previous big, dumb self. 
“Boss, I finally got smaller! Hahaha!” 
However, when his familiar, honest voice rang out, everyone knew they had overthought it. 
He was still himself. 
Lin Tian smiled in satisfaction, “Good that you got smaller, let’s move on.” 
Fiona sighed in awe, “I never expected goblins to have such great potential. If every tribe developed like yours, the world might be ruled by goblins.” 
“Easy to say, but for thousands of years, when have goblins ever ruled the world or caused significant impacts? They’re not even a match for your race’s talents.” 
Lin Tian replied. 
If he hadn’t been a transmigrator, he would have died during his first transmigration. The Goblin Empire talk was nonsense. 
Their potential was great, but the difficulty of developing them was hellish. 
Unlike centaurs, who easily exceeded 6 to 7,000 in strength upon maturity. 
Nor humans, who, with a large population, produced top-tier geniuses and strong individuals. 
These geniuses would then pioneer skills, knowledge, and equipment. 
Leading other humans to grow stronger. 
They were far from gods, born as world rulers, their existence meant to toy with the lives of the weak. 
To toy with the world’s rules. 
Lin Tian then mounted Fiona and began heading out. 
It was about time to go back. The strength of the Goblin Empire had developed beyond expectations. It was time to annex those countries that previously caused trouble. 
To declare to the continent the establishment of the Goblin Empire. 
Upon reaching land. 
This time, Gobu Kuang directly activated King’s Domain, unfolding a magic array about 500 meters in range. 
The sandworms in the area dared not emerge. 
They could strut through easily. 
On the way. 
Lin Tian, naturally displeased with Gobu Kuang’s strength surpassing his own. 
After a long time, he reopened the system store. 
This time he had 500 life points, enough to exchange for many items. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 134: Stealing Your Love! Lucky Theft! 
TL: Sungmin 
“Open the system store.” 
First, 
Lin Tian did not lack weapons now; he still had many world-class magic tools. 
There were so many that there was no place to use them. 
Unless the Spear of Zeus broke. 
But even if it wasn’t used, he wouldn’t casually give it to his subordinates. If it were spotted by sharp-eyed scouts from other empires, the consequences could be more serious than imagined. 
Even if he couldn’t snatch it, spreading the news would make him a wanted man in all empires. 
A coalition of two or three small empires could be dealt with. 
But a coalition of dozens of major empires could flatten the Goblin Empire in thirty minutes. 
So, he looked at the skills page again. 
The skills he had exchanged before were all indirect combat boosts. 
For example, Blood of Ruin and Abnormal Fusion. 
They weren’t direct. 
In so many battles, he hadn’t used any cool, flashy skills. Watching others use world-class magic that could cover the sky and block out the sun made Lin Tian envious. 
He had been hiding for so long, often using the life simulation system to earn life points, always choosing high-rated options with a high chance of death. 
There was no other intention, purely aiming for life points. 
Plus, some titles and achievements. 
So he had accumulated five hundred life points. 
This time, he planned to exchange for a skill comparable to world-class. 
[Ultimate Skills. (Note! Requires a minimum of five hundred life points!)] 
‘Triple Disaster: Can summon either a meteor, an earthquake, or a flood to attack the enemy’ 
‘Anubis’s Soul Drain: Deals a soul-crushing blow to the enemy, rendering them completely incapacitated for ten seconds, unresponsive to any form of awakening. If the enemy’s level is five levels lower than the user’s, it will execute them instantly. 
Note: Effective only below level 100, ineffective above level 100’ 
It was equivalent to only being able to execute a level 95 enemy. 
But that was already extremely broken. 
A level 95 was already a top-tier strongman on this continent. 
‘Eternal Frozen Realm: The sun extinguishes, darkness descends, and everything becomes a thing of the past in the wind and snow…’ 
,,, 
Looking at the myriad of powerful skills. 
Lin Tian was not very satisfied, or rather, he wanted every one of them. 
Seeing one, he found another that was very good. 
Some particularly powerful skills could turn the tide of battle, yet felt somewhat inappropriate. 
Finally, in the ‘Limited-Time Exchange’ section, he accidentally found a skill quite suitable for himself. 
He always upheld the noble virtue of letting others die instead of himself. 
Basically, he had his subordinates fight while he stayed out of it. 
Moreover, now he had Alice, such a ridiculously powerful henchman. 
So, this ‘Lucky Theft’ indeed suited his taste. 
“Forget it, forget it, I’ll get the flashy skills later. This Lucky Theft is a limited-time exchange!” 
Lin Tian decisively exchanged for it. 
Limited-time exchanges refreshed daily, featuring a variety of very precious items. 
Lucky Theft was the cheapest, just 500 life points. 
There was also ‘Hand of Creation: 100,000 life points.’ 
It could create a creature, item, or rule belonging solely to the user every day. 
It was simply heaven-defying. 
Another lesser item, ‘Doomsday Horn,’ could summon a heavenly purge upon this world, causing ultimate chaos. 
It required ten thousand life points. 
It was so exaggerated that Lin Tian didn’t even dare to imagine it. 
However, Lucky Theft was already very good. 
‘Lucky Theft: Can steal something precious or deeply cherished from the opponent, not limited to items. 
Note: Can only be used on one person per day.’ 
This meant he could even steal someone’s love! 
Directly making a rich and beautiful lady, a great heiress, or a noble princess fall in love with him! 
Lin Tian couldn’t help but chuckle wickedly. 
Even if he couldn’t steal love, it would still be something precious, like weapons or items. 
This was a conceptual ability. 
Lin Tian suddenly wondered, did this mean he could steal chastity as well? 
But stealing that without physical contact seemed impossible, though for some people, or many women, chastity was very precious. 
In a traditionally-minded world, a woman’s purity was one of the most important things. 
Just thinking about it was confusing, so Lin Tian decided to test it in practice later. 
“I almost forgot about this, system, sorry, but I’m going to target you~ Hehehe.” 
Lin Tian looked at the extracted skill, chuckling mischievously to himself. 
“Host, please don’t mess around. I’m set up as an innocent and pure girl, don’t mess around…” 
The mechanical voice, tinged with fear, only made Lin Tian more excited. 
“Lucky Theft!” 
As his hand glowed with a layer of glassy light. 
He immediately used it on the system. 
‘Congratulations, you have stolen the skill worth 500 life points, Anubis’s Soul Drain!’ 
What the hell? 
Lin Tian never thought it would actually work this way! 
He had just thought about it, but it turned out he could indeed exploit the bug! 
Just a moment ago, he wanted to exchange for this skill. Because of Gobu Yue, his level was unrestricted. 
Later on, he could execute opponents up to level 99! 
‘Ding! A bug has been detected in the system. Maintenance will be conducted for one month. During this period, the host cannot use the life simulation.’ 
“Damn!” 
Lin Tian’s smile froze instantly. 
Being unable to use the life simulation for a month was no big deal. 
But it meant he couldn’t exploit the system bug anymore. Who the hell was fixing these bugs? 
However, it was still a huge gain. 
“Your Majesty, why are you so happy?” Fiona asked, puzzled. 
Lin Tian revealed a wicked smile, “Nothing, let me test something on you.” 
Saying this, he used Lucky Theft on her! 
‘Congratulations, you have obtained Fiona’s courage! You will become as brave and fearless as a centaur warrior! 
Would you like to take it?’ 
Lin Tian was stunned. He didn’t expect this. 
It wasn’t of much use to him, so he returned it. 
Fiona looked a bit dazed, “Why did I feel a surge of fear just now? Is there some danger around?” 
“No, let’s move on. We’re still quite far from the capital of the Sword Kingdom,” Lin Tian said. 
,,, 
Soon, everyone finally returned to the Goblin Empire. 
The goblins in the royal city, led by Alice, came out to welcome them. 
On the city walls were Gobu Yue and the others. 
Around them, even leaders from nearby human settlements brought their people to welcome them. 
The human settlements were only a few kilometers from the Goblin capital, so news traveled fast. 
“Welcome back, Your Majesty!” 
“Long live the triumphant return of Your Majesty!” 
“Long live!!” 
Hearing the enthusiastic cheers of his followers, Lin Tian finally understood why everyone wanted to be an emperor. 
The feeling was exhilarating. 
However, after returning, Lin Tian walked on his own without riding Fiona. 
He feared being seen by other centaurs, making it hard to explain. 
She wasn’t conquered by Lin Tian but moved by him. 
As a leader, she needed to maintain some dignity. 
Lin Tian didn’t make it difficult for her, as she had helped a lot. 
“Gobu Kuang has also evolved? That’s great, that guy is really loyal, even as the Goblin King, he remains so faithful,” Goblin Slayer on the city wall couldn’t help but laugh. 
Once he became a king variant, he wouldn’t be under her control. 
Yet he had no plans to rally all the goblins for rebellion. 
After all, he was raised by Lin Tian. If he had grown alone through countless humiliations, survival, and conflicts, he would be extremely cunning. 
Entering the royal city, Gobu Kuang couldn’t wait to go play with the humans. 
Lin Tian had to follow up on the matter of his and the Black Goat Mother Goddess’s child. 
He believed that Rebecca’s mood should have recovered by now. 
It was time to ask about the specific situation. 
Arriving at the dungeon. 
Lin Tian asked the guard, “How has she been recently?” 
“Boss, she’s been unconscious these days, not saying a word or moving at all.” 
The eunuch guard answered. 
Lin Tian frowned, speculating. 
He didn’t dare to go in rashly, suspecting it might be a trick. 
But suddenly, he remembered something. 
Previously, just looking at the Black Goat Spawn could drop one’s sanity. If it dropped to zero, one would go insane. 
Rebecca likely looked into the eyes of the child she gave birth to. 
Causing her sanity to drop to zero. 
Thus, he wasn’t afraid of being bewitched by her. 
Lin Tian went in directly, and sure enough, she looked like a corpse, her hands tied up, kneeling on the ground. 
Her eyes were empty. 
This kind of situation was difficult to recover from. 
Unless purified by holy magic. 
But she was a monster; purification would either kill or severely injure her. 
“You were destined to die. If you can’t be saved, you can only blame your bad luck.” 
Lin Tian looked at her and spoke to himself. 
He could only gamble. If he used Lucky Theft to steal her love. 
Then he could give her a new spiritual support to live again. 
‘Here we go!’ 
“Congratulations, you have obtained Rebecca the Succubus’s love. Would you like to take it?” 
Lin Tian was stunned, staring at the system prompt, completely dumbfounded. Lucky Theft was indeed very lucky! 
Immediately! 
Rebecca’s empty eyes gradually showed a response. 
And it even formed a heart shape, her body writhing as if something was about to burst forth. 
“Darling~~~ Darling, where are you!” 
Rebecca suddenly stood up, her eyes locked onto Lin Tian. 
She seemed extremely eager. 
Lin Tian couldn’t help but marvel at her luck. She still didn’t die. 
Just as he was about to inquire. 
Gobu Tian’s voice sounded outside. 
“Boss, the Sword Kingdom has issued a challenge to us. The battle location is at the border between the two countries. It seems they want to duel us.” 
Lin Tian was slightly taken aback, “Duel? I was planning to take them down. Since they want a duel, they shouldn’t blame me for playing dirty.” 
Saying this, he left the dungeon. 
Leaving Rebecca, who was filled with longing, “Darling! Don’t go! What will I do if you leave!” 
“Fiona, later you’ll lead the army to the border area, we’ll go ahead first.” 
Lin Tian gathered everyone in the royal hall and said. 
He planned to confront Edward and the others first. Then, halfway through the fight, even if they couldn’t win, the army’s intervention would exhaust him to death. 
As for Rebecca, she couldn’t escape now and had her love stolen. 
He could ask her later. 
… 
You can read extra chapters at <a href="https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/">Etude Translations</a> linked to Patreon! <a href="https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/">https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/</a> 
Join our Discord! <a href="https://discord.gg/twRz58dUce">https://discord.gg/twRz58dUce</a> 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 135: The Duel! 
TL: Sungmin 
At the border between the two countries. 
Along the banks of a long river, Edward and his group had been waiting for some time. 
“The Goblin Empire, huh? These days, can any garbage form a nation? Are you sure goblins are connected to ancient dragons? If no dragons show up, I’ll be the first to destroy you!” 
Stephen, clad in black and silver armor and wielding a giant axe, spoke coldly. 
Edward guaranteed, “The hundred thousand soldiers killed by the dragon were real. They are coming!” 
In the distance, a group of figures slowly appeared on a hillside. 
It was Lin Tian and his team. 
“Hmph, the losers who escaped last time. Do you think you can beat me in a one-on-one fight?” 
Lin Tian looked down at the six people below, full of disdain. 
However, he was somewhat surprised by Stephen and his group. 
The strongest among them had a power level of over 9,000, and the other two, whom he hadn’t seen before, had over 8,000. 
They were indeed formidable opponents. 
Alice noticed something unusual and exclaimed, “Wait, why are members of the Dragon Slayer Guild here too? This is bad…” 
Although she didn’t recognize Stephen, the sword-and-dragon head emblem on his chest was unmistakable. 
The Dragon Slayer Guild? 
Lin Tian became a bit more cautious. 
Stephen was the first to speak coldly, “It’s really a bunch of goblins? Hmph, where are the dragons? I’m not in the mood to fight you; bring out those dragons!” 
But Lin Tian had no chance of finding any dragons now. 
Edward spoke viciously, drawing his king’s sword, “Let’s settle this today! I will kill all you disgusting goblins. Princess Alice, come over now, and I can guarantee your safety!” 
Alice just sneered and didn’t respond. 
Lin Tian seemed to guess why the Dragon Slayer Guild members were here. 
He looked puzzled, “Huh? Dragons? Why would I have any dragons? Only a fool would think goblins could be related to ancient dragons!” 
Hearing this, Edward and his group broke out in a cold sweat. 
The eyes of the strong fighters were filled with killing intent, but it was directed at Edward and his people. 
Stephen grabbed him, “Care to explain?” 
His giant axe was about to be placed on Edward’s neck. 
The arrogance of the Gilbert brothers hadn’t even risen before Steven and Steve started questioning them. 
If they couldn’t kill them, they at least had to disable them. 
This scene. 
Lin Tian was quite surprised, “They dare to mess with the Dragon Slayer Guild? Has the Kingdom of the Sword become so reckless?” 
“Considering you’re a king, I’ll only take one of your legs!” 
Stephen was ready to act and leave. 
He had no interest in goblins or other countries’ grudges. 
Only powerful prey could attract his attention. 
In desperation, Edward suddenly thought of something, “Wait, have you heard of the old Pope Douglas? And Veronica? They were defeated by that goblin!” 
“Hmph, are you really taking me for a fool?” 
Stephen’s face looked extremely displeased, ready to kill. 
Douglas’s strength was unquestionable, and Veronica was a renowned twelfth-tier monster. 
Even their guild leader, the One-Eyed Owl, had tried to hunt them and failed. 
Being wiped out by these goblins was an insult to the One-Eyed Owl! 
Edward, sensing the murderous intent, quickly explained, “I’m not lying! The disappearance of the Lionheart Empire was their doing. Think about the connection between these three events!” 
“Hiss…” 
Upon hearing this. 
Stephen seemed to realize something, becoming excited, “Haha! So, he’s an incredibly valuable and powerful prey?” 
“Big brother, we’ve struck gold this time!” 
“Bringing his head back could be placed in the core area of the museum’s final level, right?” 
Steven and Steve exclaimed excitedly, coming to their senses. 
This was a prey more valuable than Douglas and Veronica! 
One that would drive even the One-Eyed Owl crazy. 
Stephen laughed loudly, “That’s right! I won’t hold back. His head is mine!” 
“You’re the big brother; you should give us a chance.” Steven squeezed to the front, annoyed. 
The group, with their robust muscles and expressions, wearing heavy armor and wielding two-handed weapons, were quite visually intimidating! 
These were indeed formidable opponents. 
Alice cautioned, “Be careful with them. The Dragon Slayer Guild members are lunatics; you never know what they’re thinking. They may seem kind but could be extreme perverts inside.” 
“Understood, did everyone hear that? Be cautious.” 
Lin Tian frowned and replied, taking out the Spear of Zeus. 
Edward retreated behind the others, showing a satisfied, cold smile, “Don’t think that without dragons you can leave here alive. Today, you will all die…” 
Having fought Stephen before, he knew his strength well. 
There was no chance for anyone to survive against him. 
Even if they couldn’t win, they’d ensure mutual destruction. 
Suddenly, Stephen activated his skill, ‘Super-tier Combat Technique: Hercules’ Savage Charge!’ 
Instantly, he transformed into an unstoppable train. 
Charging forward! 
Anyone who tried to resist would face ten times the recoil force. If they didn’t resist, it would be equivalent to a normal attack. 
Knowing the opponent’s skill information was very important. 
Alice and Gobu Kuang drew their weapons, full of vigilance. 
However, Lin Tian stood at the front, signaling them to retreat. “Lucky Steal!” 
“Swish!” 
With a burst of colorful light. 
Lin Tian prayed that he could steal Stephen’s weapon. These guys didn’t have spatial equipment. 
Without their weapons, their combat power would greatly diminish. 
“What just happened?!” 
Everyone was stunned by the sudden light, unable to react. 
Edward, with his sharp ears, quickly said, “Retreat! He knows a theft spell. If your weapon gets stolen…” 
Before he could finish, he saw that Stephen’s weapon was still there and relaxed. 
“Hmph, seems your luck isn’t that good. My heart almost skipped a beat just now, feeling a chill.” 
Stephen sneered disdainfully. Although the skill was interrupted, his weapon was still there. 
But the sight before him left him petrified! 
Not just him. 
Lin Tian, looking at what he had stolen, was also stunned. 
Edward took a few steps forward and was shocked. “No, it can’t be?!” 
In Lin Tian’s hand was a pink bra (a woman’s bra). 
“Damn it! What the hell is this?!” 
Lin Tian almost dropped it in disgust. 
No wonder that guy felt a chill; it was because he was wearing this thing! 
He didn’t expect such a bold man to be gay! 
Stephen, seeing his secret exposed, was both shy and angry. “Damn goblin! Give it back! I’ll kill you!” 
“Big brother! We’re coming to help you!” 
Steven and Steve rushed forward, full of indignation. 
Lin Tian, realizing he hadn’t succeeded earlier, thought he could steal one of these two guys’ weapons. 
He activated the skill twice more. 
“Congratulations, you obtained Steven’s panties x1!” 
“Congratulations, you obtained Steve’s large dildo x1!” 
Because these were items, they appeared directly in his hands. If it were non-physical, he would be asked whether to take it. 
Non-physical items couldn’t be returned once taken. 
Physical items could be returned anytime. 
Seeing the disgusting thing in his hand, Lin Tian almost vomited. 
He could tolerate the white lace panties. 
But this thing, who could tolerate it?! 
The supposed lucky steal, meant to take emotionally significant items, ended up being so disgusting! 
Suddenly, Steven cried out in pain, “Big brother, the gift you gave me was stolen!” 
“Second brother, the one you gave me is gone too. I wore it all the time!” Steve lamented. 
Hearing this, Lin Tian instantly understood. 
No wonder he stole these items; they were emotionally significant! 
Luckily, he didn’t steal their love. 
That would have been too disgusting. 
Stephen, feeling utterly humiliated, shouted, “Today, no one leaves here alive!!! Kill them all!!!” 
He charged at Lin Tian like a speeding car! 
“Swish!” Gobu Kuang immediately used a dark beam, creating a deep trench wherever it passed. 
But it only slightly suppressed Stephen. 
Lin Tian directly took out the Spear of Zeus, summoning lightning! 
“Boom!” 
The lightning struck, creating a large pit on the ground, but Stephen was only slightly injured. His armor was formidable. 
“Damn it, we just need to hold them off until Fiona arrives with reinforcements.” Lin Tian whispered. 
Alice charged forward first. “I’ll hold them off!” 
Lia and Cassandra provided support from behind. 
“A futile resistance… Super-tier Magic: Hercules’ Final Strike!” 
Stephen roared, slamming his fists into the ground! 
A golden giant’s phantom appeared behind him! 
As his fists hit the ground. 
A terrifying force like an earthquake erupted! 
The ground split into wide fissures! 
He hadn’t reached level 100, so he couldn’t use world-class magic. Super-tier magic was his limit. 
“Boss, get behind me!” 
Gobu Shan moved in front of everyone, using Athena’s Shield and his own bones to form a huge shield. 
To block the force’s shockwave. 
Lin Tian, feeling the earth-shattering power, doubted if Gobu Shan could hold it. 
He quickly said, “Gobu Kuang, activate the King’s Domain!” 
“Got it, boss!” 
A magic circle underfoot expanded, covering a 500-meter radius, giving Alice a buff. 
The previously dark bone shield now glowed like a black crystal, shining brightly! 
“Boom!!!” 
As the force hit, the bone shield shattered instantly! 
But the dwarf-made world-class Athena’s Shield held firm. 
Blocking the impact. 
It was no longer just like a train collision; it was like a high-speed train at 200 mph. 
Even though they blocked it, the shockwave sent people flying dozens of meters away. 
Gobu Shan’s bones cracked all over. Cassandra began healing him, needing time to recover. 
In front. 
The ground was completely shattered, and any misstep would send them into a deep abyss. 
Stephen, in disbelief, exclaimed, “You blocked my attack! A group of goblins! Is that a world-class artifact?” 
“Big brother, we’ve struck gold this time!” Steven sneered, quickly leaping across the fractured ground, closing in on Lin Tian’s group. 
Intending to seize the shield. 
… 
You can read extra chapters of From Goblin to Goblin God at <a href="https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/">Etude Translations</a> linked to Patreon! <a href="https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/">https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/</a> 
Join our Discord! <a href="https://discord.gg/twRz58dUce">https://discord.gg/twRz58dUce</a> 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 136: Powerful Coordination Ability, The Army Arrives! 
TL: Sungmin 
Lia shot arrows from a distance, but even if she hit her target, they would be caught by hand. 
The power gap was too great. 
She now had around 6,000 combat power, while Steven had more than 8,000. 
At this moment. 
Gobu Tian, who had been hiding in a ground crack, launched a surprise attack! 
Remaining still in the shadows made him invisible; no one had noticed, assuming he had just fallen. 
His ambush skill, during the three seconds of becoming visible, could deal double damage. 
His combat power was just shy of 7,000, but double damage was enough to injure an opponent with over 8,000. 
“Thud!” 
The Void Dagger stabbed out, but unfortunately missed the heart, only piercing Steven’s kidney thoroughly. 
Ignoring the pain, Steven grabbed Gobu Tian’s neck, “Brother, move!” 
Upon hearing this, Steve rushed forward, stabbing Gobu Tian’s head with a sword! 
The sword was enchanted with explosive elements, detonating on the spot! 
Blown to pieces. 
“One down, keep going!” Stephen was very pleased to see their success.  
“Ultimate Roar!!— Roar!” 
Suddenly, Lin Tian launched a surprise attack on them, despite being more than twenty meters away. 
Thanks to the King’s Domain enhancement. 
All three were instantly paralyzed. 
At that moment, a figure once again sprang from the shadows! 
This time, it precisely pierced Steven’s heart, the Void Dagger’s ability activated, devouring and consuming the heart, even the gods couldn’t save him! 
He had just used Shadow Strike, summoning a shadow to attack. 
Though the shadow’s death would injure the user, the enhanced version prevented backlash. 
“Move, move, move!” 
“Boom!” 
An ultimate dark beam shot over! 
It blasted Steve hundreds of meters away on the spot! 
By this time, Stephen had recovered, it took merely a second or so. 
He quickly slashed at the beam beside him, interrupting the skill and saving Steve. 
Suddenly, he saw Steven with a large hole in his chest, collapsing straight into the ground crack. 
He never expected his brother to die! 
In just a second or so! 
And the goblin they had clearly killed was still alive! 
“Damn it, these goblins have such terrifying coordination, and the magic underfoot seems to be weakening my power…” 
Stephen analyzed through his grief. 
He finally decided to eliminate Gobu Kuang first. 
This was also the wisest analysis, “Gilbert, you two come help me!” 
“Coming!” 
The two reluctantly complied, initially planning to find a chance to take down Edward. 
But eliminating the goblins was the immediate priority. 
Lin Tian frowned slightly; these two looked unserious but were far more threatening than the previous pair. 
Because together they could use world-class magic. 
For those below level 99, world-class magic was on another level! 
“First take out the weaker thin one. We can’t let any survive.” Lin Tian said with a heavy expression. 
Gobu Kuang nodded, and Gobu Tian also jumped into the crack in the ground, slowly approaching them. 
As a result. 
Stephen gave a powerful shake, causing the crack to close, though not seamlessly. 
It buried Gobu Tian, making it difficult for him to escape. 
“Hmph, the same trick won’t work on me twice!” 
Stephen said coldly, as if seeing the scales of victory tilt. 
Gilbert’s eyes shifted, “Master, we’ll help you control those two goblins, you go finish them off.” 
“Alright.” 
“Come on, brother! World-class magic·Giant Vine Cage!” 
“Boom!” 
Massive vines erupted from the ground, tightly surrounding Lin Tian and the others. 
It was like a growing wall, restricting their movement more and more; touching the vines would even poison them. 
Lin Tian wouldn’t choose to sit and wait. 
During their skill activation stiffness, he used a skill stolen from the system earlier. 
“Anubis’ Soul Harvest!” 
A blue jackal-headed phantom appeared, ignoring the vines, soaring into the sky, a towering figure over ten meters tall! 
Wielding a giant axe, it slashed heavily at Gilbert! 
It shattered his soul into pieces on the spot, requiring ten seconds to reconstitute. 
Taking this opportunity, Lin Tian donned the Life Armor and began digging through the vines with the Spear of Zeus. 
He fled backward. 
The Life Armor could immunize the poison from the vine’s touch, allowing him to dig dozens of meters before finally seeing light. 
The vines were too large; if fully grown, even gods would be trapped. 
The key was to dig; behind him, the vines were quickly healing. 
Absorbing the nutrients from the soil, they grew rapidly. 
It was impossible not to marvel at the terror of world-class skills. 
Gobu Kuang barely escaped disaster by closely following Lin Tian. 
“Goblin Majesty! We have arrived!” 
In the distance, the sound of hooves echoed as Fiona’s heroic figure appeared, holding a long spear with great majesty! 
Behind her was an army of over a hundred thousand goblins. 
Lin Tian revealed a sinister smile, “Perfect timing, it’s time to turn the tide!” 
Gradually, the vines disappeared. 
Lin Tian walked back to confront them directly. 
Gilbert sneered with disdain, “Hmph, weren’t you arrogant before? Sweating like a pig just now! Hahaha!” 
“Your head is mine!” 
Stephen was about to charge but then looked towards the slope behind him. A striking figure appeared along with the sound of hooves. 
Fiona’s imposing gaze froze him in place. 
“Centaurs?! I thought they were extinct, wait, don’t tell me she’s with that goblin?” Stephen’s expression turned serious. 
The centaur race was brave and strong in battle. 
In their current state, facing a centaur would likely result in defeat. 
However, Lin Tian swung the Spear of Zeus forward, “Charge! Overwhelm them!!!” 
“Kill!!!” One by one, goblins roared with mouths full of sharp teeth! 
They charged with great momentum, without any fear! 
Even if they were low-level goblins, their sheer number would exhaust their enemies to death! 
Although skills could kill many at once, overusing them would deplete their mana, leaving them exhausted and defenseless, like fish on a chopping block. 
If they had to fight one by one, who knew when it would end. 
Thus, even weak soldiers could transform through quantity. 
Stephen and his group had not even reacted before being overwhelmed. 
In the distance, Katheryn still cast wide-area healing magic, healing the wounds of the low-level goblins. 
Gilbert and his brother, due to their insufficient level to use world-class magic, required an additional fusion spell, consuming a large amount of mana. 
They couldn’t use many more skills. 
“Get off me! I need to escape!” 
Gilbert kicked frantically, with at least three or four goblins crawling on his legs, causing excruciating pain. 
His mana was almost depleted, leaving just enough for an escape spell. 
But with goblins clinging to his legs, even using magic wouldn’t make him fast. 
That was the drawback of mages—once their mana was exhausted, they were weaker than average fighters. 
“Brother! Your legs!!” At this moment, Gilberts screamed in terror. 
Gilbert was confused, “What are you panicking about? Help me, we need to escape together! Damn goblins don’t play fair, didn’t we agree on a duel?!” 
He looked down. 
The sight nearly scared him to death! 
His legs were nothing but bare bones, with only a few scraps of flesh clinging. 
He could see white tendons stuck in goblin teeth, unable to be chewed. 
“Ahhhh!” Gilbert collapsed in shock, his mind blank! 
These goblins secreted toxins, numbing his legs, so he couldn’t feel the pain. 
But the sight alone almost scared him to death. 
He soiled his pants completely! 
“Save me, brother! I don’t want to die!!!” 
Gilbert’s voice trembled with fear, hysterical. 
But as he fell, the goblins completely overwhelmed him. 
Gilberts backed away in terror, “I have to escape!” 
Suddenly, a shadow emerged from the ground, piercing his leg. 
It was Gobu Tian, “Where are you going?” 
He dragged Gilberts into the ground hole. 
“Ahhh!!!” 
Only his screams echoed from within. 
Nearby, Stephen was also struggling. Although his axe could kill two or three low-level goblins with each swing, 
After swinging it hundreds of times, he was exhausted. 
With five hundred swings, killing three goblins per swing, he had already killed a lot. 
Having killed only about fifteen hundred goblins, he had reached his limit. 
The magic attacks had only killed around thirty thousand. 
But now, with only his hands and weapon left, facing over a hundred thousand goblins, there was no chance of victory! 
“Brother!” 
In the distance, Steve, who had been blasted away, rushed back. 
“Run! These goblins are far stronger than we imagined! Let the boss come and wipe them out herself!” Stephen shouted urgently. 
But it was too late. 
Lin Tian glanced sideways, “How about lending a hand?” 
“Huh? Goblin Majesty, when we joined the empire, weren’t there no such conditions?” Fiona playfully remarked. 
But then she raised her slender red spear high. 
She charged at Stephen! 
Each step seemed to strike his soul! 
Her brave spear was burning with a fierce red light! 
The brave spirit ignited! 
“Damn! A centaur!” 
Seeing this, Steve turned and ran. 
But how could he outrun a centaur? 
“Thud!” 
A fierce thrust pierced his back, his counterattack missing entirely as she dodged. 
He could only suffer as he was repeatedly stabbed, turning into a bloody mess! 
Until he died on the spot. 
This was the suppression cavalry had over infantry. 
Stephen saw this scene, letting goblins climb all over him, some even grabbing his ears and stepping on his shoulders, climbing to his head. 
He merely smiled weakly, eventually being submerged in the goblin tide, 
Not even bones were left uneaten. 
He had long expected such an end, choosing to accept it calmly. 
No cries of despair. 
Otherwise, why join the Dragon Slayer Guild? He could have hidden away to survive. 
On the other hand, 
Edward was battling Alice fiercely. 
“What’s the meaning of this? The duel letter clearly stated a one-on-one fight, why are there so many goblins!” 
… 
You can read extra chapters at <a href="https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/">Etude Translations</a> linked to Patreon! <a href="https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/">https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/</a> 
Join our Discord! <a href="https://discord.gg/twRz58dUce">https://discord.gg/twRz58dUce</a> 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 137: Infiltrating the Dragon Slayer Guild! 
TL: Sungmin 
“Alice, I thought so highly of you. I believed your character was noble and pure, but to think you would do this!” Edward gritted his teeth in anger. 
He had lost, and everything was slipping away! 
However, Alice did not say much and continued to attack earnestly. 
But all her attacks were blocked by him. 
In terms of swordsmanship, Alice was three points/percent inferior to Edward. 
At this moment, Lin Tian responded, “It’s not her fault. I called these goblin armies. You did offer a duel, but I never accepted it.” 
“You!” 
Edward didn’t know what to say for a moment. At first, he saw only Lin Tian and a few others, thinking they would duel. 
He had truly underestimated the goblins’ despicableness! 
“Hmph, don’t be too proud. They lost this battle badly, but I am the biggest winner!! I will return for revenge!” 
Edward forced Alice back with a sword strike and turned to charge into the river. 
Utilizing Sylph’s wind element, he treaded the waves and escaped to the other side. 
He changed the wind direction, making it impossible for Lin Tian and his group to pursue due to the fierce hurricane. 
Soon, he disappeared from sight. 
Alice steadied herself and apologized, “Messenger, I let him escape. I’m sorry.” 
“It’s fine. It’s already very impressive that you managed to hold him off for so long,” Lin Tian said gravely. 
Edward’s combat power was over 9,000, while Alice’s was 8,900, not yet reaching 9,000. 
However, Edward had indeed profited greatly this time. 
He could annex two magic kingdoms without losing a single soldier, easily expanding his army by a million! 
And now, they were inexplicably targeted by the Dragon Slayer Guild. 
Suddenly, they had too many enemies, making things difficult. 
The key issue was that the system was still under maintenance, preventing any life simulation to foresee the plot’s direction. 
“Let’s go. What’s wrong?” Lin Tian asked, looking at the dazed Alice. 
“Nothing, I was reflecting on Edward’s swordsmanship. As expected of the Sword Saint, I couldn’t find any flaws and was continuously suppressed,” Alice said, somewhat embarrassed. 
However, the Darkspawn within the Ominous Blade was displeased, “Hahaha! This is the funniest thing I’ve heard. His swordsmanship deserves to be called Sword Saint? Are the swordsmen of later generations so pathetic?” 
“Next time, you should let me take over. I’ll show you what real swordsmanship is!” the Darkspawn continued, full of disdain. 
Lin Tian’s eyes lit up, thinking of something. “Alice, I’ll leave the attack on the Sword Kingdom to you. I need to personally check out the Dragon Slayer Guild.” 
“What? I lead the troops?” Alice was surprised, not expecting a large-scale battle. 
Lin Tian, however, had complete trust, “Didn’t that Darkspawn just say? Leave it to him. I also trust you. The Dragon Slayer Guild is very important to me.” 
First, he needed to probe and gather enough intelligence on these inexplicably powerful individuals. 
Second, the Flame Dragon Mother required the dragon crystal for resurrection, and it just so happened that the guild had it. 
Moreover, he couldn’t handle everything by himself. Not only would it be exhausting, but it would also slow down progress. 
“Kekekeke, Goblin, I have high regard for you. If one day I regain my physical body, you can become my first general and we will bathe this continent in blood. How about it?” the Darkspawn said happily. 
Lin Tian shrugged, “Alright, thanks in advance.” 
Returning to the capital. 
The goblins and humans on the streets welcomed them as usual. 
Lin Tian did not disperse the crowd but called another meeting, “During this time, follow Princess Alice to attack the Sword Kingdom. If they annex the Magic Kingdom, they will be hard to deal with. We must strike first.” 
“What about you?” Gobu Yue asked in confusion. 
“I’ll go to the Dragon Slayer Guild and see if I can retrieve the dragon crystal,” Lin Tian explained. 
It was best not to hide anything among themselves. 
After all, many were genuinely worried about him. 
Fiona found it hard to believe, “You’re going to infiltrate the Dragon Slayer Guild? Are you crazy?” 
The Dragon Slayer Guild was even more infamous in the monster world than in human society. 
After all, they had nothing else to do but hunt powerful monsters daily. 
The One-Eyed Owl among them was a monstrously powerful existence. 
She didn’t want their hard-won home to be destroyed. 
“It’s a necessary risk, but I have my plans. You can trust me,” Lin Tian said. 
His Abnormal Fusion had its uses. 
Moreover, he could also visit the Dwarf Kingdom, where many of his offspring had likely been born. 
Who knew what might happen? 
After understanding the situation, everyone began preparing for battle under Alice’s orders. 
Lin Tian rested for a while before heading to the dungeon to find Rebecca. 
,, 
“Darling! Where are you! Darling! I can’t bear to be without you! I feel like I’m dying!” 
From a distance, he could already hear Rebecca’s alluring and seductive voice. 
She sounded extremely excited. 
As he pushed open the door, the room was filled with a unique fragrance. 
There was also some strange moisture on the ground. 
It was one of the succubus’ abilities. 
It could keep a male in a constant state of readiness, never tiring. 
Who would have thought that this creature’s love for him had reached such a level? 
“Darling! Untie me, I want it!” 
Rebecca struggled against the chains, appearing very frantic. 
It scared Lin Tian, making him think she might bite him. 
He then asked, “Calm down first. Is there any additional information about the child I left in your body? Like how you felt when you were pregnant and how it felt to look at him.” 
“I can’t remember. Now my mind is filled only with you! I need you! I want to merge with you completely, never to be separated!” 
Rebecca squirmed and spoke louder and louder, her breath becoming heated. 
Lin Tian slapped her hard across the face, “Can you sober up a bit? If you love me, then honestly tell me more about that child.” 
With the crisp sound of the slap. 
He thought Rebecca might calm down. 
Instead, after a few seconds of silence, she became even more agitated, not feeling the pain at all. 
“Damn it, do you have no other thoughts besides love?” 
Helpless, Lin Tian could only step back, lock the door securely. 
He decided to let her cool off first. 
However. 
Veronica on the other side heard everything clearly, “Damn goblin, what have you done to my Rebecca!” 
Filled with hatred, but she could do nothing. 
“Behave yourself, Rebecca is one of us now.” 
Gobu Jian said coldly beside her, staying alert in case she caused any trouble. 
… 
Oh wait, forgot to mention it, but Gobu Jian’s Jian means sword. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 138: The Aggrieved Protagonist, Let Me Help You Vent 
TL: Sungmin 
“I can still sense his location now. If you meet his gaze, you’ll go mad.” 
At this moment, Rebecca spoke with satisfaction. 
She explained the situation about the child. 
She was much calmer now. 
Lin Tian was still immersed in disbelief, “A succubus—why, why is she still pure???” 
He couldn’t believe it himself; he had slept with a pure succubus. 
What kind of succubus was this? 
“I can’t do anything with Lady Veronica, so of course, I’m pure.” 
Rebecca bit her red lip as she spoke. 
Lin Tian didn’t pursue this topic further but focused on the child, “Location? So where is he now?” 
“If I’m not mistaken, it should be the Magic Kingdom.” Rebecca continued. 
She had lived for a long time and had fought battles with the church, including the church pope of the Magic Kingdom. 
Naturally, she knew the location of the Magic Kingdom. 
Lin Tian squinted his eyes slightly, pondering. 
If the goblin had devoured so many people in the Magic Kingdom, what kind of monster would he become? 
He would become an unprecedentedly powerful goblin. 
He needed to inform Alice about the situation and keep an eye on it, seizing the opportunity to capture him before he grew too powerful. 
In the future, he would be a trump card against the super empires. 
They all had demigods as their mainstay. 
Anyway, this Black Goat Goblin could be considered a demigod, capable of contending with them. 
“Dear, where are you going?” 
Seeing Lin Tian about to leave, Rebecca asked reluctantly. 
Lin Tian shot her a cold glance, “Stay put.” 
She could still serve as a locator, which was quite important. 
Then. 
He explained everything to Alice, hoping she would keep an eye on things. 
“I will.” Alice nodded calmly. 
Lin Tian didn’t say much more; he trusted her to handle things. 
With that, everything that needed to be done was done. 
He then mounted his dragon and headed towards the War Empire. 
“Xiao Huan, once we reach the War Empire’s territory, you should return by yourself to avoid being discovered. I’ll figure out a way to get back.” Lin Tian said on the way. 
It was very dangerous outside, especially since they were heading to the Dragon Slayer Guild. If a dragon was discovered, the consequences would be dire. 
After entering the War Empire’s territory, Lin Tian proceeded alone, estimating it would take some time. 
But now, he lacked everything except time. 
The Goblin Empire was thriving, no longer living in constant fear. 
Even if multiple countries joined forces, they could handle it. 
He came to a rural path. 
Lin Tian walked openly, not knowing the exact location of the Dragon Slayer Guild. 
So, he just needed to wait for some unlucky folks to come by. 
“Haha, my wife gave me three sons, I’m really busy…” 
“You always show off. I doubt I’ll ever get a wife in my lifetime… huh? What’s that?!” 
On the path, two plainly dressed young men were chatting. 
They were carrying several fresh fish and a wild rabbit. 
It looked like they had just returned from hunting. 
They noticed Lin Tian walking towards them. 
The blond young man said warily, “A goblin! Do we have goblins causing trouble here too?!” 
“Don’t worry so much, goblins are weak. Let me kill him and maybe the village girls will love me!” 
The young man carrying the fish and holding a pitchfork brightened up with interest. 
Now was his chance to show off. 
The blond young man remained cautious, “Be careful, I’ve heard goblins are pack creatures, there might be more around.” 
The pitchfork young man didn’t care and aimed the fork at Lin Tian’s head, throwing it with precision! 
His fish-catching skills were top-notch in the village. 
He believed he would surely succeed. 
He already imagined holding the goblin’s head and making the village girls swoon. 
However. 
Lin Tian didn’t even dodge; he casually caught the pitchfork. 
A sinister, cold smile appeared on his grotesque face. 
The two young men, frightened, took a few steps back. 
“How could this be?!” 
The pitchfork young man was shocked; he hadn’t killed the goblin in one blow. 
He prepared to grab the blond’s bow to continue the attack. 
Seeing this, Lin Tian didn’t give him the chance. With a strong flick of his wrist, he sent the pitchfork back. 
It pierced directly into the young man’s chest. 
The force was so terrifying that he was thrown backward. 
Seeing this, the blond young man dropped the rabbit in fear, staring at the bleeding wound with a blank mind, completely panicked. 
He hurriedly pulled out the pitchfork. 
But this only worsened the injury, a wrong method of treatment. 
Blood gushed from the three wounds like a floodgate opening. 
“Am I going to die? Freya, save me, I don’t want to die!” 
The pitchfork young man’s face was filled with fear, “How could I die at the hands of a goblin? When you go back, don’t tell anyone. I don’t want to be a laughingstock!” 
His voice was trembling, his lungs and liver severely damaged. 
“Unfortunately, he won’t be going back. But don’t worry, you won’t become a laughingstock.” 
Lin Tian’s voice slowly approached them. 
The blond young man saw this and his expression changed drastically. Terrified, he retreated a few steps and hurriedly drew his bow to shoot at Lin Tian. 
But the scene before him scared him even more! 
He saw Lin Tian devouring his companion piece by piece! 
“What are you doing! Damn goblin!!!” 
The blond young man’s legs turned to jelly, and he fell to the ground, his face contorted in fear. 
His eyes bulged as if they would pop out of their sockets. 
He had never seen such a bloody and terrifying sight. 
He couldn’t even hear his friend’s cries for help. 
Let alone attack. 
This was exactly the effect Lin Tian wanted. He then used Abnormal Fusion to devour the young man, transforming into his appearance. 
“Monster! What kind of monster are you!” 
The blond young man tried to get up, but his legs wouldn’t obey. They twitched uncontrollably, making it impossible to stand. 
He was utterly terrified by the goblin that had transformed into his friend. 
Lin Tian stepped on him, “Don’t be afraid, I am your friend now. Let me ask you something, where is the Dragon Slayer Guild? If you answer honestly, you can save many lives.” 
If he didn’t answer, Lin Tian would have to go to the village to find out. 
He couldn’t guarantee what would happen there. 
The blond young man’s stomach churned with fear, and his tongue twisted. 
Seeing his state, Lin Tian frowned and didn’t wait for him to recover. 
With a slight effort, he crushed him to death. 
“Your cowardice will not harm just you.” 
Then, Lin Tian walked in the direction they came from. 
Soon, he saw a village. 
At the entrance, a group of young girls were using wooden sticks to help thresh the harvested beans. 
They had to hit the pods hard to make the beans fall out. 
In such a village, without books to read, children started helping with work at around ten years old. 
Though they were in the prime of their youth. 
For them, it was a habit, and they even enjoyed gossiping together. 
So, they would help one family with the beans and then move to the next. 
They worked and chatted at the same time. 
Lin Tian listened from a distance, marveling at how girls were the same in any world. 
There were a lot of people, so he should be able to gather some information. 
And these young, beautiful girls, Lin Tian couldn’t bear to kill them. 
Although he was a goblin, it didn’t mean he had to kill everyone he met. That would make him no different from a mad dog. 
“Andy? Where’s Freya’s brother? Why didn’t he come back with you?” 
Seeing Lin Tian, the girls questioned him. 
Their eyes were filled with confusion. 
Lin Tian gave an awkward smile, disguising himself, “Oh, he fell into the river while fishing. He’s drying his clothes on the mountain and will come back when they’re dry.” 
However, this aroused the suspicion of a red-haired girl, “You’re lying. He never fishes, he hunts. Did you kill him? Just like you killed your sister!” 
??? 
Lin Tian was confused. What did she mean by killing his sister? 
“We’re talking to you! Explain clearly! Don’t tell us Andy fell into the river like your sister did and was swept away! You murderer!” 
The red-haired girl threatened him with a stick. 
All the girls were wary of him. 
Their expressions were full of disdain. 
Lin Tian was baffled and began to read this body’s memories. 
Suddenly, everything became clear. 
He had wondered why this young man, clearly more handsome, was still unmarried while the blond had children. 
It turned out the villagers wrongly believed he had killed his sister. 
But according to the original owner’s memory, his sister had indeed been swept away in a rapid current, disappearing within seconds. 
He couldn’t save her in time. 
“Enough, you guys are really aggressive. Let me ask you something, do you know where the Dragon Slayer Guild is?” 
Lin Tian didn’t want to continue pretending. There was no way to explain this. 
He decided to be straightforward. 
If someone answered honestly, he would leave. 
The red-haired girl, however, like a detective eager to show off, shouted, “He’s guilty! He’s changing the subject! Go call the adults, Freya’s brother has been killed by him! Murderer!” 
Seeing her arrogant and smug expression. 
She really deserved a beating. 
Lin Tian hadn’t felt such hatred for someone in a long time. Even though he wasn’t the original person, he still felt angry. It was like watching those infuriating videos online. 
Even though he wasn’t the main character, he still got mad. 
“This original owner was really aggrieved, just letting the villagers label him as the one who killed his sister? Tsk tsk tsk…” 
Lin Tian sighed again. If it were someone else, they would have lost their temper long ago. 
But according to the memory, he blamed himself for his sister’s death. 
He didn’t jump in to save her in time. 
“Since I’m here, I’ll fulfill your dying wish. At least using your appearance.” 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 139: Blocked by the One-Eyed Owl! 
TL: Sungmin 
In an instant. 
Lin Tian looked at the most contemptuous red-haired girl. 
She was young, but her words were so venomous, even more goblin-like than goblins themselves. 
Sometimes, words were the sharpest knives. 
Her chilling, icy gaze made the red-haired girl shiver slightly. “Why are you looking at me like that? Do you want to kill me? This is a village!” 
Saying this, she brandished a wooden stick and jabbed it towards Lin Tian. 
The original owner had often been ostracized by them and never resisted, always ingratiating himself, which made them so brazen. 
Lin Tian snatched the stick from her hand, poised to hit her. 
He questioned, “Since you say I’m a murderous demon, aren’t you afraid that I really am?” 
“Come on, come on, murderous demon. If you have the guts, hit me. The village won’t let you go! Hmph!” 
The red-haired girl not only didn’t fear but stood with her hands on her hips. 
The others were the same, full of disdain. 
“Poof!” 
But in the next second. 
The heavy wooden stick jabbed straight into her venomous mouth, her teeth scattered all over the ground! 
However, Lin Tian controlled his strength and did not kill. 
He just made sure she could never speak again in her life. 
With a casual swing of the stick, the others were mostly left crippled. 
They lay on the ground, dragging their broken legs and crying in pain. 
“Tell me, where is the Dragon Slayer Guild?” Lin Tian demanded.  
They were only beaten up; it wasn’t enough to scare them into silence. 
Facing the threat of the stick, someone immediately spilled, “Just head north all the way, don’t kill me, boohoo!” 
He then turned around. Looking at the red-haired girl picking up her teeth and crying on the ground. 
He reached out and lifted her like a toy, coldly saying, “From now on, you should know when to keep your mouth shut, right?” 
Then, he tore off her skirt. 
The other girls were terrified to the extreme, struggling to crawl towards the village. 
Afraid that they would end up like the red-haired girl. 
Lin Tian threw her to the ground, sparing her life, ensuring she would remember the consequences of her foul mouth for the rest of her life. 
“North, is it? Here I come.” 
Looking at the distant sky, he took a carnivorous horse from the village entrance and set off. 
The villagers behind him shouted for blood, but they couldn’t catch up. 
Seeing the miserable red-haired girl, the village chief sighed, understanding why it ended this way, “You really brought this on yourself…” 
“Waaah, waaah, aaaah…” 
The red-haired girl lay on the ground, not only her mouth but her body was also bleeding. 
Seeing it was Lin Tian, also known as Andy, who did it. 
Everyone could guess why he acted this way, having often been ridiculed and humiliated by this girl. 
He finally couldn’t hold it in anymore. 
So, the village chief didn’t pursue him but watched Lin Tian leave, in a way, his conscience saved the village. 
If they had caught up, Lin Tian couldn’t guarantee he would spare them. 
After a burst of fast riding. 
He finally saw a city before dawn, with the grand giant dragon-head statue with a sword. 
It was the Dragon Slayer Guild. 
Though the sky was just starting to brighten, it was already bustling inside. 
Lin Tian let the carnivorous horse go and entered the city. 
Seeing various foods on the streets, he felt a bit hungry. 
Although not comparable to the buns and dough sticks he used to eat, it had this world’s unique flavors. 
Fried eight-eyed lizard, very crispy and fragrant. A special creature of this world, similar to a cross between a spider and a lizard, extremely delicious. 
Tree milk. Just like its name, it was milk squeezed from a milk tree, sweet and naturally fragrant. 
However, it was something only the wealthy could afford in this continent. 
Ordinary people usually had porridge for breakfast. 
There were so many delicacies here because the Dragon Slayer Guild was a tourist city, attracting people with money and strength. 
Lin Tian found it tempting too. 
It was his first time closely experiencing human civilization in this world. 
But when he checked his pockets. 
There was nothing. 
There were no gold coins in his space ring either; most of what he robbed from Clin Castle had been used to forge weapons. 
Occupying the Lionheart Empire, he hadn’t plundered the people’s wealth. 
After all, money was useless to goblins. 
Now it seemed, he needed to consider economic development in the future. 
Since he couldn’t afford anything, Lin Tian decided to be cunning. “Boss, how much for the tree milk?” 
“One silver coin per bowl.” The fat middle-aged man in front of him in linen clothes smiled and said. 
Lin Tian drank two bowls in one go, finding it much tastier than he imagined, like drinking fruit juice with a milk flavor. 
“Two silver coins, please.” The fat man made a gesture. 
But in the next second, Lin Tian vanished, sprinting away. 
The quick-moving fat uncle hadn’t even reacted yet. 
Meanwhile, Lin Tian also took a few fried lizards. 
Soon, he reached the less crowded central area, which was the entrance of the Dragon Slayer Guild. 
Lin Tian tried knocking on the door, but there was no response. 
So early in the morning, those guys were probably still asleep, so he climbed over the wall directly. 
However, upon entering, he realized they weren’t sleeping at all. 
They simply couldn’t hear the knocking. 
The guildhall was still as lively as ever, with everyone drinking. 
People gathered around, partying hard. 
There were several giant wooden beer barrels around, filled with craft beer, which tasted excellent. 
In one night, thirty to forty people would drink it all. 
Lin Tian stood at the entrance, unsure of how to start a conversation. 
Should he say he came to visit? 
But this place didn’t seem to be open to outsiders. 
He could only say he came to register for the Dragon Slayer Guild. 
Joining them would make it easier to understand them. 
“Alright, let’s do that.” 
Lin Tian nodded to himself, preparing to turn around and leave, then knock loudly to attract attention. 
He would then naturally say he came to join the guild. 
If caught sneaking in, he would be lucky not to get beaten up, let alone join the guild. 
However, as he turned around. 
He saw a woman taller than himself standing behind him at some point. 
Her dark skin looked incredibly smooth and supple. 
Her muscular build outlined beautiful curves. 
She wore an extremely short tube top, with her abs moving with each breath, exuding beauty. 
And a skirt shorter than Lin Tian’s underwear. 
One could say she resembled one of the sacred beasts, Vermilion Bird, Black Tortoise, or Azure Dragon. 
Otherwise, he would have seen everything. 
Her legs were exceptionally long, reaching up to Lin Tian’s waist. 
Her well-sculpted thighs gave Lin Tian the feeling that a single kick from her could kill him. 
[Elizabeth Tilly<br/>
Race: Human<br/>
Profession: Berserk Titan Warrior<br/>
Title: Incarnation of Violence, Beer Expert, Titan Project, Divine Bloodline, Speaks with Fists…<br/>
Health: 3000<br/>
Strength: 1500<br/>
Defense: 1000<br/>
Skills: Punch, Kick, Jiu-Jitsu, Fighting Techniques, Boxing<br/>
Equipment: None<br/>
Overall: 10,999] 
Seeing the tall and robust woman in front of him, Lin Tian instantly understood! 
The One-Eyed Owl! The Guild Master of the Dragon Slayer Guild! 
With over 10,000 combat power, even Douglas wasn’t as strong as her! Wouldn’t he be instantly killed? 
“Ha? So you’re the one knocking early in the morning? And sneaking into someone’s house?” The One-Eyed Owl yawned, speaking coldly. 
A moment ago, her face had looked cute and sleepy. 
But now, it showed a hungry tiger’s fierceness! 
Her long-lashed, enchanting purple eye was full of amusement and killing intent. 
Her mouth curved up, revealing a sharp tiger tooth. 
This wasn’t a compliment. 
It felt like she could actually bite you to death with that tiger tooth. 
Lin Tian was so scared he pressed himself against the door, quickly thinking, “Big Sis, I’m sorry, I just wanted to join the Dragon Slayer Guild.” 
“Big Sis? Kid, do you have two eyes for nothing?” 
The One-Eyed Owl’s voice was filled with threat as she placed her hand on Lin Tian’s head. 
If she applied even a little force, his brains would splatter instantly! 
Lin Tian couldn’t withstand that. 
This woman was purely an offensive warrior, with no magical skills, just close combat techniques. 
Her attribute panel exceeded a basic 5,000. 
Her attack power was a full 500 higher! 
One could see how terrifying her strength was. 
Lin Tian realized he might have misspoken, “Sister, I apologize, I’m just in awe of your heroic presence and couldn’t help but come in.” 
“Kid, I like what you’re saying, but sneaking into someone’s house deserves a good lesson.” The One-Eyed Owl said, immediately launching a high kick! 
“Boom!” 
A hard stone wall three centimeters above Lin Tian’s head was kicked out of a large hole! 
The entire hall shook. 
Her speed was so fast it was impossible to react! 
If it had been slightly lower, his head would have exploded! 
However, Lin Tian found her movements somewhat enchanting. 
The high-lifted leg, if he moved a bit forward, would perfectly close the piston. 
But he didn’t dare move even an inch now. 
“Oi! You guys keep drinking all the time, wasting so much beer. Do you think our guild is a charity?” 
The One-Eyed Owl inexplicably ignored Lin Tian and walked inside. 
The door had already shattered, so there was no need to open it. 
Lin Tian found it strange; her state seemed like she had just woken up from a hangover, probably craving more beer. 
Do all creatures in this war empire love drinking so much? 
Dwarves did, and so did these guys. 
“Boss? You’re too lame! Slept so long, hurry up and fill your glass!” 
“Grugia, don’t be smug. Big Sis is here; watch her drink you under the table!” 
“Boss, you’re warming up early in the morning? The door got smashed.” 
Everyone was talking. 
At the table, a man stood firm while several were passed out under the table. 
The One-Eyed Owl shook her head, her messy hair swaying. 
She cursed, “A bunch of bastards, no one helped me back to bed when I got drunk. Almost slept in the gutter at the door.” 
She was angry recalling the previous night’s drunken fall into the gutter. 
“We wouldn’t dare help you back…” Someone said bitterly. 
They all wanted to help but didn’t dare. 
“If I lost control under the influence of alcohol and did something I shouldn’t, wouldn’t that be the end?” 
“No worries, just move into a new home, the cemetery behind the guild, hahaha!” 
“Boss, when will you find a man? Can you hold back this much? I just found a girlfriend. She held back for days, then after once, clung to me every day, ha!” 
The One-Eyed Owl slapped the speaker hard, “Get lost, your little slut is no match for me! My pleasure only comes from hunting, not from useless men!” 
… 
Big Sis is also used as a title of authority here. 
You can read extra chapters at <a href="https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/">Etude Translations</a> linked to Patreon! <a href="https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/">https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/</a> 
Join our Discord! <a href="https://discord.gg/twRz58dUce">https://discord.gg/twRz58dUce</a> 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 140: Drinking Bet! 
TL: Sungmin 
“Grugia, I wasn’t around for one night, and it seems like you’re about to rebel, huh?” 
The One-Eyed Owl looked at the man at the table and said with a sinister smile. 
That man was the second-in-command of the Dragon Slayer Guild. 
He possessed 80% Titan genes. 
His muscles were robust, and his bronze skin resembled that of a gladiator from ancient Rome, full of masculine energy. 
But seeing the One-Eyed Owl’s threat, Grugia hurriedly acted like a grandson, “Big Sis, don’t mess with me. Last time I got drunk and woke up naked and tied up on the street. It was worse than dying!” 
“Hmph, stand still. That was just a punishment for being drunk. If you keep acting so cocky, I have to teach you a proper lesson!” 
The One-Eyed Owl said maliciously, pressing down on his shoulder. 
The crowd started to cheer, “Yes! Hahaha! Get him!” 
Grugia still didn’t give in, “Big Sis, please don’t mess with me, okay? I won’t act cocky anymore…” 
“Hmm?” The One-Eyed Owl didn’t speak but applied a bit of pressure. 
Grugia felt his shoulder was about to break, “It’s going to break, Big Sis! I’ll do it, okay?” 
“Fill it up!” 
“Gulp, gulp, gulp…” 
As the beers went down one after another, 
the One-Eyed Owl drank more and more energetically, while Grugia couldn’t take it anymore. 
He picked up a beer, drank for a long time, and ended up throwing up everything he had just drunk back into the glass. 
Before long, 
He admitted defeat. 
The One-Eyed Owl laughed heartily, “That’s it? Men are such useless creatures. Now, strip him naked and throw him onto the street. Remember to cover him with a blanket so he doesn’t catch a cold, haha!” 
“Got it, Big Sis!” 
Everyone got excited immediately. 
They gleefully lifted Grugia and carried him out to the street. 
“One, two, three, throw!” 
“Thud…” 
They threw him on the ground like trash. 
Many girls who saw the indecent scene screamed and ran away. 
Lin Tian was completely bewildered. Were these guys serious? 
Through the system, he could see that this Grugia had a combat power of 9,999, on par with Veronica. 
These few guys, although not total rookies, had much lower combat power, yet they dared to do this! 
They just threw him onto the street. 
And also, 
when these guys saw him coming, they acted as if he didn’t exist. 
They just went about their business. 
“Excuse me, excuse me…” 
The few who came back even politely greeted him as they passed the door. 
At this moment, Lin Tian understood deeply what kind of organization this was. 
No wonder they were said to be a bunch of lunatics and nutcases. 
The One-Eyed Owl sat at the table, “Who’s next? Why isn’t anyone challenging me today? Can’t beat me, can’t outdrink me, you guys are pathetic!” 
“I’ll go!” 
Immediately, a man stepped up, eager to join. 
Lin Tian watched for over two hours. 
The atmosphere was indeed spot-on, and he even felt like he was blending in with them. 
Seeing the One-Eyed Owl drink another person under the table, Lin Tian clinked glasses with the man beside him, “This Big Sis is amazing. She’s already drunk five people under the table, hahaha!” 
“Yeah, brother, Big Sis is unbeatable, I respect her!” The man responded. 
He didn’t treat Lin Tian like an outsider at all. 
It made Lin Tian wonder if they were drunk or if he was. He felt like he was already a member of this guild. 
However, he was still puzzled as to why so many people kept challenging the One-Eyed Owl despite knowing they would lose and face severe punishments. 
“Hey, brother, why do people keep challenging her even though they know they can’t win? The punishments are so harsh.” Lin Tian put his arm around the man beside him and asked. 
Among the five people who were just drunk under the table, one was hung in midair, one was punished to clean the toilets for a week, one was forced not to wear clothes for half a month. 
The remaining two were forced to drink beer with a catheter. 
They were forcefully given a big glass. 
It was chaos, mixed with joy and happiness. 
Upon hearing this, 
the Dragon Slayer Guild member next to him explained in a tipsy manner, “You don’t know, brother? Our Big Sis said that anyone who can outdrink her, 
1. Can become the guild leader, 
2. Can ask her to do one thing, 
3. Can… hehe, marry her. Even if you can’t outdrink her, you have to try. What if you succeed?” 
Hearing the explanation, Lin Tian’s eyes lit up. 
So that’s how it was. 
However, this wasn’t about one person challenging several people in drinking. 
If that were the case, whoever drank last would have the best chance of winning. 
Instead, after the One-Eyed Owl drank someone under the table, she would take a sobriety pill and immediately sober up. 
Lin Tian showed an evil smile, “Brother, do you think I can outdrink her?” 
“What? Dude, are you kidding? You look so young. Who can you outdrink? At a banquet, you’d probably sit at the kids’ table.” The man scoffed. 
Suddenly, the bond between the two seemed to break. 
They released their hold on each other’s shoulders, now filled with hostility. 
Lin Tian didn’t mind and waited until another person was drunk under the table before he reached out his hand, “Big Sis, I want to drink with you!” 
In an instant, 
Everyone, who previously ignored Lin Tian, now focused their attention on him. 
“Who is he?” 
“Don’t know. Do you guys know?” 
“This kid sneaked in, get him out of here.” 
Everyone was bewildered, each one chiming in. 
It seemed Lin Tian’s presence was so low-key that no one noticed him at first. 
The One-Eyed Owl’s lips curved up slightly, “Little guy, you still haven’t left? Fine, I’ll drink you under the table and then slowly punish you!” 
She had initially decided to let Lin Tian go. 
Since he stayed, she would teach him a harsh lesson. 
Lin Tian squeezed to the front of the table and slowly sat down. 
Suddenly, two men, grinning mischievously, pressed down on his shoulders as if afraid he would run away. 
“Big Sis, how are we going to punish this little guy later?” 
The One-Eyed Owl thought for a moment, then stared at Lin Tian, “This little face has some good looks, white and tender, seems untouched…” 
What the hell? 
Is this some sudden romantic luck? Impossible! 
Lin Tian felt extremely excited at her words. 
The One-Eyed Owl was quite his type; if possible… 
He was still daydreaming when he heard her speak again, “How about we send him to the old, lonely, homeless ladies at the street corner to play with? Hehehe…” 
“Hehehe…” 
Everyone let out evil laughs. 
It was truly despicable. 
“Big Sis, don’t be so hasty with your words. What if you get drunk under the table?” Lin Tian said at this moment. 
He couldn’t help but admire how harsh the punishment was. 
Even worse than being stripped and thrown onto the street. 
Everyone sneered, “Who the hell do you think you are, thinking you can outdrink Big Sis? Insulting her or insulting us?” 
“Young people don’t know their limits. Let him understand that some places aren’t to be messed with!” 
“Big Sis, drink him under the table!” 
The One-Eyed Owl replied, “Just like I said, you can be the guild leader, you can ask me to do one thing, or you can marry me. How about that?” 
“Let’s start! Rock-paper-scissors or dice?” 
Lin Tian’s face grew serious as he prepared himself. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 141: Drunk and Embarrassed! Elizabeth! 
TL: Sungmin 
“Kid, you definitely can’t beat me at finger-guessing games, and dice games are too slow.” The One-Eyed Owl grinned disdainfully as she spoke. 
Her reaction speed in finger-guessing games was unmatched here; normally, she drank by rolling dice. 
But now, she couldn’t wait to see Lin Tian embarrass himself and take him down hard. 
After some thought, she said, “Let’s just keep drinking! You take a glass, I take a glass. I’ll go first!” 
As soon as she finished speaking, the guild members hurriedly began pouring the drinks. 
“Gulp, gulp, gulp…” 
Watching the pale yellow beer with bubbles being picked up by the One-Eyed Owl, she started drinking heartily. 
A few drops of beer slipped from the corner of her mouth, slowly tracing down her throat and disappearing into the depths of her cleavage. 
Her wild appearance was undeniably captivating. 
“Whew! The guy who invented beer is a genius!! I feel amazing!” 
The One-Eyed Owl exclaimed with extreme satisfaction. 
She stretched out her rosy tongue, licking the beer foam off her jade lips. 
Everyone watching swallowed their saliva. 
But all they dared to do was watch. 
Then, the One-Eyed Owl nodded at Lin Tian with her chin, “What are you standing there for? If you’re scared, it’s too late to back out now.” 
Lin Tian chuckled, “Don’t worry, I was just reminiscing about something.” 
He remembered being overwhelmed by a group of dwarf women in the Dwarf Kingdom, drunk out of his mind. 
Even the chickens he cooked ended up ruined. 
Although it was a dark chapter in his history, it honed his incredible alcohol tolerance in the Dwarf Kingdom. 
However, compared to true dwarves, he still fell short. 
But the beer here was like watered-down beer compared to the Dwarf Kingdom’s brews. 
Lin Tian felt confident. 
He picked up the large 500-milliliter glass in front of him and poured it into his mouth. 
“Burp~ not bad.” Lin Tian said casually. 
As soon as he put down the glass, he saw that the One-Eyed Owl had already downed another glass! 
In a blink, it was empty. 
Lin Tian wouldn’t back down either. 
In three minutes, both of them had each downed ten glasses! 
Their stomachs were already bloated. 
But this was just the beginning. 
If they couldn’t drink anymore, they’d immediately go to the side to vomit, and then continue drinking. 
This wasn’t considered cheating or losing; if they kept drinking, their stomachs would continuously absorb the alcohol. 
Before long. 
Lin Tian couldn’t hold it any longer and went straight to the bathroom to vomit everything out. 
There was a time limit, no more than thirty seconds. 
He quickly came back and poured another large glass down his throat. 
The One-Eyed Owl was still steady as ever, mocking, “You men can only last three minutes? Pathetic.” 
“Big Sis, but I see your ears are a bit red?” Lin Tian retorted. 
Of course, he was bluffing. This woman was indeed remarkable, drinking so much and still holding on. 
Finally, after twenty glasses. 
The One-Eyed Owl also went to vomit once. 
But when she came back, she immediately said, “Switch to one-liter glasses!” 
“Big Sis, there’s no need for that. This little shrimp will probably collapse after two more rounds.” 
The man ranked third in the guild’s leaderboard spoke up. 
He could also drink quite a bit, wearing a brown robe with messy hair and a scruffy beard. 
His name was ‘Osius.’ 
His profession was a monk, vastly different from the church priests; he was akin to an ascetic monk from the distant East. 
He became stronger through self-discipline. 
The One-Eyed Owl directly pushed him aside, “Shut up! Come on kid! I want to see your limit!” 
And so. 
The two drank from the table to the bathroom. 
Playing without regard for their lives. 
Lin Tian was vomiting from both ends, with several liters of urine. 
Everyone watching was stunned. 
“It’s been over three hours, my god, someone can actually keep up with Big Sis for this long!” 
“If it were me, even if I didn’t get drunk first, I’d be exhausted from vomiting!” 
“What’s this kid’s background!” 
The One-Eyed Owl was completely at odds with Lin Tian, breathing heavily, her face already showing some redness. 
But she was determined to see it through to the end. 
Not backing down at all. 
This behavior made Lin Tian’s stomach feel awful. He didn’t feel drunk, but the constant vomiting was unbearable. 
But at this point. 
He had to see it through! 
If he couldn’t win in a fight or in drinking, this trip would be for nothing. 
“Keep going, Big Sis, were you just catching your breath?” Lin Tian said, continuing to drink. 
Everyone was stunned by his terrifying willpower! 
It was too frightening. 
Someone could actually outdrink the One-Eyed Owl and still hold on! 
Osius’s pupils contracted, and he gasped, “No way, Big Sis can’t lose, can she?!” 
“Stop talking nonsense, I can’t lose!” 
The One-Eyed Owl took a short break, reaching for the glass someone else was holding for her. 
But her hand ended up grabbing nothing. 
At that moment, she seemed a bit flustered, carefully steadying the glass, “Pour! Kid, I’ll make you regret coming here!” 
“Is that so?” 
Lin Tian had noticed that little detail, his eyes filled with smugness. 
Although he was a bit tipsy, he wasn’t seeing double yet. 
The members of the Dragon-Slaying Guild started to panic. 
Some even tried to suggest stopping, “Why don’t we call it a day, Big Sis? We’ve run out of beer in the guild.” 
“Go buy more!” The One-Eyed Owl threw out a large bag of gold coins. 
She was somewhat wobbly. 
Lin Tian downed another big glass, “Your turn, Big Sis. Show some of the spirit you had at the start.” 
“Haha, interesting, alright!” The One-Eyed Owl smiled lightly and continued drinking. 
Finally, 
After another hour, she was nearly at her limit. 
She looked at Lin Tian, who seemed to have multiple afterimages. 
Thinking he had downed three large glasses in one go. 
“Clap, clap, clap!” 
The One-Eyed Owl started clapping on the spot, “I’m starting to respect you, you’re indeed tougher than these useless men. I’ll catch up!” 
She then downed three more large glasses. 
That didn’t go well. 
After the last gulp, she collapsed on the floor. 
“Big Sis! Are you okay!” 
Osius felt something was wrong, and everyone hurriedly gathered around. 
The next second, they suffered. 
“Gush, gush, gush…” 
She started spewing beer like a fountain from her mouth. 
“Whoa! It’s raining from the heavens!” 
“Premium beer!” 
“What’s happening, my eyes burn!” 
Some people got splashed in the eyes, while others, who had a crush on the One-Eyed Owl, licked the beer off their faces. 
It was pure and undiluted. 
Her stomach had been emptied long ago, and now the beer she vomited was no different from when she drank it. 
Osius wiped his face with his robe, looking at Lin Tian. 
His expression was as if he had eaten something disgusting. 
Because their Big Sis had lost to an outsider kid! 
If Lin Tian wanted to marry her, with the One-Eyed Owl’s character, she wouldn’t break her promise. 
If he didn’t marry her, the guild leader’s position would be chaotic! 
The best scenario would be to ask for a favor. 
“That’s enough, that’s enough! Your turn!” 
The One-Eyed Owl started talking nonsense on the floor. 
Osius sighed, “Everyone, help move the Big Sis to the sofa outside. Kid, I admit you won! You’ve got guts!” 
A few people left the bathroom and returned to the guildhall. 
“I tell you, if you want to stay alive, just ask the Big Sis for a favor. If you try anything else, you’ll vanish!” Osius threatened. 
The Dragon-Slaying Guild members agreed. 
Lin Tian shrugged, “We’ll talk when she sobers up.” 
“Hmph! Anyway, no one is allowed to touch our Big Sis! Touch her and you die!” 
“Exactly, she’ll always be untouchable in our hearts!” 
“Our Big Sis ranks higher than any god! To harm her is to harm our faith!” 
The group had even turned the One-Eyed Owl into their faith, chattering noisily. 
Lin Tian thought. 
He hadn’t come here to hit on girls; he just needed the Dragon-Slaying Guild to stop being enemies with the Goblin Empire. 
And he needed to get the Dragon Crystal. 
But if he married the One-Eyed Owl, all this could be achieved! 
He couldn’t care less about these guys’ threats; in the end, they’d have to call him brother-in-law, trembling. 
“Kid, wait a moment. I need to pee, then we’ll go for another three hundred glasses! I’m about to burst!” The One-Eyed Owl mumbled to herself on the sofa, excited. 
The others were praising her status, even higher than the divine right. 
Hearing her words, they all trembled in fear, their pupils shrinking! 
“Big Sis! Don’t do it!” 
Osius’s expression was exaggerated, almost shouting, trying to stop her. 
When that cicada chirped! 
That ray of midsummer sunlight! 
That carefree splurge of youth! 
Flowing like the river’s waters! 
Everyone knew it was too late, some things, like youth, could never be returned! 
The entire guildhall fell silent. 
Only the sound of flowing water could be heard. 
Like a sharp blade shattering everyone’s ideal image of Elizabeth Tilly! 
She had wet the bed. 
She had held it in for several hours, too embarrassed to go, afraid of being seen as weak and sneaking off to relieve herself. 
She couldn’t possibly pee right there, surrounded by men staring intently. 
So she released it all in her sleep. 
“Hahaha, this feels great!” 
The One-Eyed Owl muttered again, full of grandeur. 
Osius’s expression twitched, his eyes glaring unevenly, “You! You ruined my Big Sis! Damn you, kid!!!” 
They couldn’t accept this reality! 
They couldn’t accept that their unbeatable Big Sis had turned into a bed-wetting child! 
“Calm down! Calm down!” Lin Tian, seeing their expressions more terrifying than goblins, kept backing away. 
He accidentally fell on top of the One-Eyed Owl. 
Waking her up. 
In a daze, the One-Eyed Owl looked confused, “What’s going on? Weren’t we just drinking?” 
“Big Sis, you, you lost to him in drinking…” 
Osius quickly recovered, his expression extremely awkward, looking around uncomfortably, unable to meet her eyes. 
Hearing this, the One-Eyed Owl didn’t get angry or anything, “I see! Kid, you’re tougher than I thought, but I haven’t admitted defeat. If I can’t outdrink you, then let me show you my battle records!” 
With that, she extended her slender, refined arm, hooked it around Lin Tian’s neck, and started walking out. 
“Hey, hey, where are we going?” 
Lin Tian struggled constantly, not wanting to make contact with her. 
Her body was covered in ‘beer’! 
But no matter how much he used his 8,000 battle power strength, he couldn’t break free. 
He could only walk closely with her, shoulder to shoulder, as they headed outside. 
The One-Eyed Owl, swaying as she walked, explained, “We’re going to the museum!” 
“Boss! That’s the hotel, don’t take him the wrong way! The museum is this way!” 
Osius and the others quickly followed, afraid something might go wrong. 
In the past, the One-Eyed Owl would only get slightly drunk, and it was always by her own doing. 
Now, for the first time, she was dead drunk, and they were terrified she might do something crazy. 
They followed closely the entire time. 
… 
You can read extra chapters at <a href="https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/">Etude Translations</a> linked to Patreon! <a href="https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/">https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/</a> 
Join our Discord! <a href="https://discord.gg/twRz58dUce">https://discord.gg/twRz58dUce</a> 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 142: No Survivors!!! 
TL: Sungmin 
Lin Tian felt helpless for a moment. “Can you guys think of a way to save me? Why are we going to the museum?” 
The One-Eyed Owl conceded, but not completely. 
She just wanted to save face in front of Lin Tian with the spoils of war. 
It was like someone who loved to brag after getting drunk. 
“Swish!” 
At this moment, Osius quickly followed up, his face showing an expression more terrifying than a goblin’s. “You better not take advantage of our Big Sis! Otherwise… we’ll use you as fertilizer!!” 
“Not this, brother. She’s so big, where else could I put my head? Should I hold it in my hands instead?” 
Lin Tian stuck close to the One-Eyed Owl and said irritably. 
He had struggled, after all. 
If she weren’t so large, able to ease a lot of the arm strength, he would have been strangled to death. 
He could only endure the pain and pleasure of being forcibly taken to the museum. 
Since it was already night, the museum was closed. 
There were no other people. 
“Someone, unlock the door!” 
The One-Eyed Owl mumbled in a daze. 
Osius quickly and respectfully walked to the museum door, taking out the key. 
“Click!” 
The key hadn’t even been inserted yet, and the One-Eyed Owl had already pushed the door open. 
It managed to push down these massive, thousand-pound giant anti-theft iron doors. 
Leaving only the members of the Dragon Slayer Guild in a mess in the wind. 
Lin Tian was dragged to the top floor. 
Along the way, he was indeed astonished by the various monster specimens! 
“So many high-tier monsters, and even an ancient dragon skull! No wonder they can exist within a super empire without being subordinate to it…” 
When he reached the top floor. 
He was even more shocked to see the specimens of numerous twelfth-tier monsters, unable to close his mouth in awe! 
Just dealing with one Veronica had exhausted him. 
So many of them, all twelfth-tier like Veronica. 
Were all dealt with by this drunk woman before him?! 
Incredible! 
“Look, nine years ago I challenged the crystal dragon. Unfortunately, I didn’t win, and it scratched my eye blind, but I still dug out a large piece of the core dragon crystal! If it were now, I’d handle it in three moves. You believe me?” The One-Eyed Owl gestured and spoke, looking down at Lin Tian. 
Forehead to forehead. 
He could still smell the alcohol on her breath. 
Lin Tian nodded repeatedly, “I believe, I believe!” 
It was like those times when he accompanied an elder, who would get drunk and pull him aside to chat. 
If you dared to say you didn’t believe, they’d drag the conversation on even longer. 
The One-Eyed Owl laughed with satisfaction, “Hahaha! Good that you believe! I acknowledge you for drinking. But in terms of fighting skills, you might not match up to me.” 
“Ah, yes, yes.” Lin Tian responded perfunctorily. 
“Honest! I like people like you!” The One-Eyed Owl gave a thumbs up, then pulled Lin Tian along like a long-lost brother. 
She began to introduce those specimens, recounting past events. 
“Look, the arm of the King of Destruction. That guy was said to have city-destroying strength. Guess how I took its arm off?” 
“I don’t know…” 
“Of course, by arm-wrestling, silly!” 
“Hahaha…” 
Lin Tian was speechless, finally understanding why drunkards were so annoying. 
However, he needed to figure out how to get that dragon crystal! 
That was definitely what Little Black needed, the key item to fully revive the Purple-Gold Dragon Mother. 
After following the One-Eyed Owl’s bragging for a while. 
Lin Tian pointed to the center, “Big Sis, that thing is useless to you, right? How about giving it to me as a keepsake?” 
“No.” 
However, just after praising her to the skies, she immediately changed her expression. 
He was decisively rejected. 
Osius explained from behind, “Our Dragon Slayer Guild has a rule: trophies cannot be given as gifts. It’s a disgraceful act for the weak to disguise themselves. You must defeat the opponent once, and then the loser can give the trophy to the winner.” 
“That’s right, you little runt, don’t even think about it. You can’t beat me, hahaha!” The One-Eyed Owl laughed childishly, her face full of mischief. 
Lin Tian frowned. 
This shitty guild had so many troublesome rules. He should have just stolen it from the beginning. 
It would have saved him from this annoying drunkard. 
But he couldn’t break free. 
Then the One-Eyed Owl changed her tone, patting her chest, “But don’t worry, since you beat me in drinking, I can help you improve your strength, and then you can try to defeat me!” 
She didn’t realize that when she tried to pat her chest, she ended up slapping Lin Tian’s face. 
It made him want to bite her, but who would argue with a drunk? 
Hearing this, his eyes lit up, “Help me improve my strength? Sure!” 
“From now on, you’re a member of our Dragon Slayer Guild!” 
The One-Eyed Owl raised her voice, as if announcing it to everyone else. 
Osius’s expression changed. “Big Sis! Are you serious? He looks like an ordinary person. Joining the Dragon Slayer Guild goes against the rules, doesn’t it?” 
“Do you have any objections?” 
The One-Eyed Owl staggered over to Osius, clenching her fists, 
The thunderous sound of muscles tightening crackled! 
Osius swallowed hard. “I was just using spirit communication, talking to ghosts, Big Sis. Don’t misunderstand.” 
After some more rambling and fussing. 
Lin Tian heard a snoring sound by his ear. 
And there was drool dripping on his head. 
It was hard to imagine that this was a woman! 
“Kid, now that you’re a member of our guild, quickly help the Big Sis back to rest!” Osius said irritably, with a mischievous grin. 
He planned to boss him around in the future. 
Lin Tian had no choice. As a member of the Dragon Slayer Guild, he had to help her back. 
After all, once she woke up, he intended to marry her. 
If these guys took advantage of her, he would suffer a huge loss. 
Back at the guild. 
The One-Eyed Owl lay back on the sofa, snoring loudly. Lin Tian was exhausted and out of breath. 
He never imagined a woman could be so heavy. 
It was no wonder, with all those muscles and a tall build, she didn’t gain it in vain. 
Everyone else went to rest as well. 
They didn’t pay much attention to Lin Tian joining the Dragon Slayer Guild; rather, many were quite impressed. 
He was the first man in history to drink the One-Eyed Owl under the table! 
But they didn’t express it much. 
After all, they’d seen many big waves. Drinking was just a pastime. 
Something they sought out daily. 
At this moment, Osius spoke, “Find a place to sleep tonight. I’ll arrange a room for you tomorrow.” 
After saying that, he left the hall. 
Lin Tian took this chance to sneak into the museum. 
“Hmph, if not now, then when?” 
The door had already been broken by the One-Eyed Owl, a perfect opportunity. 
He snuck up to the top floor, immediately taking out his space ring and placing the dragon crystal inside. 
The shimmering white and purple light made it look like a masterfully crafted gem. 
Touching it, he could feel the powerful magic contained within. 
It was indeed the core dragon crystal of a crystal dragon. 
Taking another look at the surrounding specimens, Lin Tian examined them carefully. 
If he only stole the dragon crystal, it would be obvious to anyone that he did it, since he had expressed interest before. 
But if he stole a few larger specimens as well, it wouldn’t be suspicious. 
After all, who would know that Lin Tian had a spatial ring? They’d think it impossible for a normal person to carry or hide so many large items, assuming they were stolen by someone else. 
After looking around for a while, he took two dragon head specimens and a large twelfth-tier monster corpse specimen. 
These things were valuable experience. 
Lin Tian decided to take advantage of the situation and devour several twelfth-tier monster specimens on the spot. 
He broke through to level ninety-five! 
“Specimen of the Lightning Phantom, specimen of the Black-winged Banshee, specimen of the Insect Emperor…” 
“Never thought I could catch such a big break. Goblins do have their perks; as long as there are corpses, devouring them can lead to leveling up, hehe.” 
Lin Tian devoured them one after another, unable to stop! 
So many twelfth-tier monsters, each providing a significant amount of experience! 
Unfortunately, if they were alive, Lin Tian could also choose a few females to enhance his abilities further. 
Compared to these guys, his combat power at the same level was far inferior. 
However, raising his level was urgent. 
Anubis’s soul siphoning could execute opponents five levels below him. 
96… 
97… 
98… 
99… 
100…! 
Finally, he reached level one hundred! 
Lin Tian felt nervous, unsure if he could continue leveling up. “Gobu Yue, Gobu Yue, I just want to know if you can really fulfill the legend, and allow me to become a god…” 
He continued consuming the remaining specimens. 
Feeling extremely anxious. 
101…! 
Finally! 
As Lin Tian devoured all the spoils on the fourth floor, his level surpassed one hundred! 
He had exceeded the limit of ordinary people on this continent! 
As far as he knew, for ordinary people or monsters, the level cap was one hundred. 
Only gods, demigods, or those with a trace of divine blood could continue leveling up beyond one hundred. 
The purer the bloodline, the higher the level cap. 
Take the One-Eyed Owl, for example. She was a demigod’s descendant, possibly reaching one hundred fifty or even two hundred. 
But never higher than a demigod. 
The bloodline concentration determined it. 
Lin Tian felt incredibly excited, feeling a newfound affection for Gobu Yue. 
However, he quickly packed up and left the place. 
These specimens were like jerky, tough to eat, and he had almost eaten until dawn. 
If he didn’t leave soon, he’d be exposed. 
Even if he directly left this city, his strength breaking through to 9,000, this trip was not in vain! 
But leaving would be a dead giveaway. 
He had to stay in the Dragon Slayer Guild to observe. 
Returning to the hall. 
The One-Eyed Owl was still snoring, and the others, after several nights of drinking, were sleeping more soundly than anyone. 
Lin Tian also lay on the table to catch a nap. 
“Wake up, kid. Big Sis isn’t awake yet. Nothing happened last night, right?” 
A cold voice sounded in his ear. 
It was Osius. 
Lin Tian groggily opened his eyes and ignored him. 
Osius didn’t bother either and looked towards the One-Eyed Owl on the sofa. Her soaked pants needed to be changed, or they’d start to stink. 
He had to take the risk. 
To wake the One-Eyed Owl. 
But he had to call the others too. If he was going to die, they should all die together; otherwise, it would be too unfair. 
“Damn, Osius, you’re really bad. If you want to die, don’t drag us with you. Who dares to disturb the Big Sis’s sleep?” A man said irritably. 
Osius had no choice, “Our Dragon Slayer Guild may be lax, but we need our reputation outside. If Big Sis goes out in those pants and someone sees, where would we put our face?” 
“You’re right, but it’s up to you.” 
Looking at the sleeping One-Eyed Owl, Osius gathered his courage and gently shook her. 
After a while, 
The One-Eyed Owl slowly opened her eyes and stretched lazily, “Osius? Where’s that kid? Did I lose to him in drinking last night?” 
She felt very calm now, having just experienced failure. 
She wasn’t too upset. 
“He’s sleeping too.” Osius respectfully yet puzzledly said. 
He didn’t understand why the One-Eyed Owl didn’t have her usual morning grumpiness, “Alright, I embarrassed myself. Wake him up and ask what he wants.” 
She yawned as she spoke. 
Knowing she lost the drinking contest, she wasn’t in the mood to get angry. 
She just felt she’d let everyone down. 
“Big Sis, before that, I think you should change your pants first. Yesterday…” 
Osius stammered, afraid to be too direct. 
People cherish their lives, after all. 
Hearing this. 
The One-Eyed Owl looked down in confusion, seeing something sticky and damp, “Really? Did I get so drunk that I spilled the wine?” 
When she said this, the One-Eyed Owl’s voice was slightly shaky. 
She seemed a bit nervous. 
“No, Big Sis, it’s… you… you wet your pants…” 
Osius explained with concern. 
Stunned! 
When he looked at the One-Eyed Owl, he was almost scared to death, stumbling back a few steps. 
The members of the Dragon Slayer Guild also turned pale with fright. 
That familiar look! 
It was the one the One-Eyed Owl showed when she was about to hunt! 
Her whole body released a visible red aura, burning like flames. 
But this time, the One-Eyed Owl’s face was grim, almost dripping black. 
Filled with unprecedented killing intent! 
“Osius, Osius, why do you cherish your life so little? I was thinking of sparing one of you…” 
“Heh…” 
“It seems, I have to kill you all to keep the secret…” 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 143: Then Let’s Get Married Today, Shall We? 
TL: Sungmin 
He had just given them a chance, saying that the beer had spilled. 
But Osius insisted on correcting it. 
There was no way around it now. 
They were heading straight for death, and no one could stop it. 
The entire hall was filled with the oppressive atmosphere of death brought by a top predator! 
Everyone felt like they couldn’t breathe! 
They were so angry they wanted to cry but had no tears, “Osius! You idiot, are you trying to get us killed?!” 
“Big Sis, is it too late for me to gouge out my own eyes? Spare me!” 
“I’ll gouge out my ears and eyes; we saw nothing, heard nothing!!!” 
Osius was already drenched in sweat, trembling. 
Suddenly, 
A naked man walked in through the door, crying out, “Bastards! You’ve gone too far this time. When someone gets drunk, they experience hell!!!” 
It was Grugia, who had been picked up by an old lady. 
Despite being a strong warrior with a combat power of over 9,000, 
And possessing Titan genes, 
He had lost his purity. 
Life was worse than death. 
Opening his eyes, he saw a toothless mouth, kissing all over him. 
It could be said it was the most terrifying hellish scene. 
Corpses strewn everywhere, rivers of blood, none of it compared to this. 
“Am I interrupting? Goodbye, you guys carry on…” 
Sensing the terrifying atmosphere and seeing the murderous look in the One-Eyed Owl’s eyes, Grugia suddenly didn’t feel scared anymore. 
What was in front of him was even more terrifying. 
He immediately retracted his previous words. 
Osius quickly went over and grabbed him, “My good brother, wait a moment before you leave!” 
“Let go! Who are you!?” Grugia cursed, trying to break free. 
Osius had a bitter expression, looking like he was risking everything, “Guys, let’s all go together. Big Sis can’t kill us all, right!?” 
But no one dared to take a step forward. 
At this moment. 
A clever person stepped out, kneeling on the ground, “I, Zesidor, swear to God, I will never speak a word of what I saw or heard. If I do, let God’s punishment strike me dead on the spot!” 
“Thud!” 
One after another, everyone knelt down and swore. 
Although Grugia was bewildered, he followed suit. 
They cherished their lives. 
On the side, Lin Tian, lying on the table, was truly drenched in sweat, “Damn, luckily I pretended to be asleep. Otherwise, I would have lost big time.” 
When he heard that idiot Osius say he wanted to remind the One-Eyed Owl about his pants. 
He had guessed it would turn out like this. 
“Hmph, get lost, all of you! If a single word gets out, I guarantee I’ll blow all your heads off!” The One-Eyed Owl cursed. 
It was a threat, not an exaggeration! 
And no one doubted the truth of those words. 
They all hurriedly fled. 
Then, the One-Eyed Owl turned and walked into the bathroom, and the sound of running water could be heard. 
She began to wash herself. 
Although this world didn’t have modern tap water and showers. 
They did have a faucet connected to underground water. 
So the One-Eyed Owl directly took a cold shower. 
Lin Tian was stunned, did she really not close the door while showering? Looking up, he could see those solid muscles, that sexy tall figure. 
Radiating a tempting aura in the clear cold water. 
But he didn’t dare to look much, quickly pretending to sleep again. 
After showering, the One-Eyed Owl took out a towel to dry her hair and kicked the table where Lin Tian was sleeping, “Oi, kid, still not awake? Do you take me for a fool?” 
“Huh? Big Sis? Good morning, what a refreshing sleep it was.” Lin Tian pretended. 
The One-Eyed Owl rummaged through the tables in the hall, looking for a slice of bread to eat. 
While eating, she threw a piece to him, “So, what do you want? I’ve already lost to you, but I’ve never felt so good as last night, haha!” 
Sometimes, winning too often becomes dull. 
Occasionally experiencing defeat can be even more exhilarating than victory. 
Because it meant finding a worthy opponent, gaining motivation. 
“Really? Then I want to marry you!” 
Lin Tian’s eyes lit up with excitement. It was really comfortable dealing with these people. 
Straightforward, without any hidden agendas. 
Maybe they were the normal ones, not the lunatics and madmen the outsiders spoke of. 
The One-Eyed Owl nodded, “Sure, how old are you? You look about 20. I’m 29, you don’t mind?” 
“There’s a saying that a woman older by three years is like holding a treasure, older by nine years, I get three treasures.” 
Lin Tian didn’t mind at all. 
Although she was 29, her face looked like she was 20, not immature, but full of youthful vitality. 
Probably related to the bloodline of gods. 
The One-Eyed Owl continued, “Alright, when shall we get married? How about we do it soon?” 
Her decisiveness made Lin Tian feel a bit embarrassed. 
At that moment, a voice rang out at the door, “Big Sis! Are you serious? Marrying this guy?!” 
Osius, Grugia, and the others who had initially left, all rushed back in. 
They were filled with disbelief. 
For them, most things didn’t matter much. 
But this, they had to take seriously. 
They were nearly fanatical followers of the One-Eyed Owl, worshiping her, taking her as their role model. 
Who would want to see their idol marry a weakling? 
The thought of their idol being with a weakling every night was more unbearable than death. 
So, they couldn’t stand it. 
Grugia understood the situation, “Kid, though I admire you for drinking down Big Sis, you can’t handle this! I’ll give you 10,000 gold coins, go home and marry ten wives instead!” 
He reached into his pocket as he spoke. 
In this world, 10,000 gold coins could get you a hundred wives. 
Especially since there was no monogamy system. 
“At worst, we’ll all help you with one task. Though our Dragon Slayer Guild has a bad reputation outside, we never break our word!” Osius also spoke firmly. 
… 
You can read extra chapters at <a href="https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/">Etude Translations</a> linked to Patreon! <a href="https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/">https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/</a> 
Join our Discord! <a href="https://discord.gg/twRz58dUce">https://discord.gg/twRz58dUce</a> 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 144: Legal Punching Bag? Can I Not Marry Her? 
TL: Sungmin 
“Usually, everyone pushes me to get married. Did you all get drunk today? Why are you saying the opposite now?” 
One-Eyed Owl put her hands on her hips and looked at them, finding their behavior inexplicably amusing. 
Previously, they had always been sarcastic about her age, saying she had never truly enjoyed human pleasures. 
It often made her really angry. 
Grugia looked a bit troubled. “That’s what we say, but Boss, you should at least pick a suitable husband.” 
“What, I think this kid is fine. He should be able to satisfy me.” 
One-Eyed Owl slowly walked behind Lin Tian. 
She gave him a hard slap on the butt. 
It made Lin Tian shiver. 
Osius scrutinized him, shaking his head. “This kid looks weak. If you use any force in bed, won’t you crush him into meat paste? Right?” 
“Yeah, yeah, Boss doesn’t know her own strength. She could tear down the guild at any moment.” 
“Kid, I advise you to find some gentle and delicate little wives. You can’t handle Big Sis!” 
“Aren’t you afraid that Boss might use too much force and twist your head off?” 
Everyone chimed in, either advising or threatening him. 
But Lin Tian was very confident in this area. Once his goblin powers activated, even the strong One-Eyed Owl would have to behave. 
She wouldn’t be able to use any force at all. 
He then said, “My wish won’t change. Actually, from the moment I first saw Big Sis yesterday morning, I had already fallen deeply in love with her.” 
“Last night, I called Big Sis’s name seven hundred and thirteen times in my dreams. Now you know what true love is, right?!” 
Hearing Lin Tian’s impassioned declaration, a not-so-smart voice asked, “Dreaming? How do you know you called Big Sis’s name in your sleep…” 
“Clever little thing, if you don’t speak, no one will think you’re dumb.” Lin Tian said sarcastically. 
Finally, One-Eyed Owl spoke up, “Alright, alright, kid. Your true love has completely moved me. Let’s get married!” 
“Boss!” 
Everyone’s hearts trembled. They wanted to say something, but they had already said it all. 
Lin Tian revealed a satisfied smile, but inside, he was exploding with excitement. 
He wondered what it would feel like to have close contact with those solid muscles. 
Osius and the others were almost ready to kneel before Lin Tian. “Brat—no, Brother, I beg you, don’t marry Big Sis. If she has kids and takes care of them, who will drink and fight with us?” 
These people, who were supposed to be arrogant and hot-tempered weirdos, were now humble to the core. 
Hearing this, Lin Tian’s nose almost tilted to the sky. He wagged his finger, “To have a woman like Big Sis, I have no regrets in this life.” 
“Hahaha! Good kid, I like loyal men like you. Now I won’t worry about you escaping from domestic violence! Young people can take a beating and recover quickly. Whenever I’m in a bad mood, I can use you for fun!” One-Eyed Owl said enthusiastically, as if filled with anticipation. 
As she spoke, she started to drag Lin Tian to get married. 
Hearing this, the smile on Lin Tian’s face gradually stiffened, filled with astonishment. “Huh?” 
“Huh, what? Aren’t men meant to be loved? What’s wrong with getting hit a few times?” One-Eyed Owl retorted. 
She casually picked Lin Tian up like a chick, preparing to leave for the wedding. 
At that moment, unprecedented potential burst forth from Lin Tian! 
He struggled free and dove into Osius’s arms, “Brother! I think we can reconsider this marriage!” 
“Marriage? I don’t know anything about it. You guys do as you please.” 
A mischievous smile flashed across Osius’s face as he turned away, pretending not to know anything. 
Grugia looked at his pants. “Oh dear, I think I’m getting a rash. I need to see a doctor. You guys carry on.” (poor Grugia getting STDs) 
The crowd, who had just been heartbroken, now scattered in all directions. 
They almost forgot that One-Eyed Owl often treated them violently. 
Others would fight after just three words. 
She would fight without even speaking. 
Surviving as her husband was the most important task. 
“Husband, what are you doing? Come with me, we’re going to the hall to get married!” One-Eyed Owl’s mouth curved into an extremely wicked smile, her eyes wide with small pupils. 
Like a hungry wolf hunting. 
She said calmly, “A legal punching bag. Don’t waste it, right, husband?” 
Although the Dragon Slayer Guild was not affiliated with the War Empire, it followed the empire’s laws. 
One of the rules was the prohibition of fighting. 
However, there was no regulation against disputes between spouses. 
Because it was a patriarchal society, where men were dominant, it was usually men who hit women, not the other way around. 
The empire had no law punishing marital disputes. 
What was originally a law biased in favor of men, suddenly became Lin Tian’s death sentence. 
“Is it too late to regret now?” Lin Tian gulped, finally understanding that the fool was himself. 
She didn’t see him as a husband but as a punching bag she could hit whenever she wanted. 
But if it meant getting to sleep with her, then getting hit a few times might be worth it. 
This stance made it clear he couldn’t handle it and wouldn’t be able to enjoy it. 
A murderous intent surged in One-Eyed Owl’s expression, “Regret? You played with my lifelong matter like this, what do you think the consequences of regret are?” 
Damn. 
Lin Tian now even felt like dying. He was encountering disaster whenever he stepped out! 
Last time, he nearly died of pleasure in the Dwarf Kingdom. 
This time, he was being forced into marriage but didn’t dare to marry. 
The key was she was after him to hit him, not to love him. 
“Boss, how about I make another request? Help me with something else, okay?” Lin Tian cried, looking pitiful. 
One-Eyed Owl slowly walked toward him. 
The terrifying aura, the scorching heat like flames! 
The surrounding air was pushed away, making it hard to breathe. 
Lin Tian gulped and kept backing up until he was forced to fall onto the sofa, having nowhere else to retreat. 
Too terrifying, it was a death threat! 
“Puff!” 
Suddenly, her solid body sat directly on Lin Tian. 
Though she was slender, she was not light. 
One-Eyed Owl almost pressed against Lin Tian. 
But the pressure was such that Lin Tian couldn’t even react. 
“This is the first time in my life getting married, and I’m being rejected. What price do you think you should pay? How about we check if your heart truly loves me or not?” 
Lin Tian wanted to cry but had no tears, “Boss, you can’t play like this.” 
Her slender finger touched his chest, drawing circles. 
To others, it would feel like teasing. 
But now, it was about to become a bloody scene! 
“Hahaha! Just kidding, kid. Any longer and I’d have to find you some new pants!” 
Finally, One-Eyed Owl laughed and stood up. 
Others outside also came in, relieved. 
At least now, she wouldn’t marry Lin Tian. 
Osius sneered, “So, do you still want to marry Big Sis?” 
“Cough cough, I want to, but let’s forget about it for now.” Lin Tian said. 
These guys were pure lunatics; who knew what they were thinking. 
One-Eyed Owl laughed until tears came out, finally recovering, “So, what do you want me to help you with?” 
“If it’s something, not right now. Maybe later. Didn’t you say you’d help me improve my strength? Why not start with that?” Lin Tian raised his eyebrows. 
There was nothing urgent he needed right now. 
Matters in the Sword Kingdom were being handled by Alice. 
This favor, let One-Eyed Owl owe him for now. 
After all, she had promised to help improve his strength. 
Hearing this, One-Eyed Owl gave a sly smile, “Okay, if you don’t mind, I’m happy to help.” 
“Hiss! Truly a young bull unafraid of a tiger.” 
“I’m going to buy some earplugs, or I’ll die of the noise.” 
“Just ate, better leave before I throw up.” 
People scattered, some continuing to drink. 
At this moment, One-Eyed Owl said, “I’ll help you, but you can’t leave the Dragon Slayer Guild until you outdrink me.” 
“No problem. When do we start?” Lin Tian nodded without objection. 
One-Eyed Owl immediately said, “Let’s go to the square.” 
The two stood facing each other in the square. 
The warm afternoon sun was very pleasant. 
Osius and some others brought popcorn and stools, ready to watch the show. 
One-Eyed Owl stood with her hands on her hips, “Hit me with all your strength.” 
“You won’t hit back?” Lin Tian asked instinctively, knowing these people were abnormal. If she hit back, he’d be done for. 
He dared not hit recklessly. 
One-Eyed Owl curled her lips impatiently, “I told you to hit, so hurry up, or I’ll hit you!” 
In the sunlight, her graceful figure. 
Sweat beads glistened on her skin, like a perfect dish. 
Lin Tian hesitated to hit. 
To avoid revealing his strength, he decided to use about a thousand battle power to attack. 
“Here I come!” He reminded and threw a punch. 
“Duang~!” 
One punch, and he was bounced back several steps by her elastic chest. 
There was a pleasant sound of jelly shaking in the air. 
Lin Tian couldn’t believe how insane her defense was. No wonder she had divine blood. 
Even the softest part was this terrifying. 
One-Eyed Owl didn’t mind where he hit, analyzing carefully, “Approximately a thousand battle power, but it’s quite good relatively.” 
“To improve, you need to start with technique. Fortunately, I know a bit of everything, including grappling techniques. Come on, hit me again.” 
Hearing this. 
It was just what Lin Tian wanted, to learn some combat skills. 
So he could fight stronger opponents with lower power. 
He threw another punch. 
In an instant! 
The world seemed to turn upside down in Lin Tian’s eyes. 
Then came the pain in his arm. 
He was pinned to the ground by One-Eyed Owl, unable to move. 
“Did you see that? This is the basic grappling technique. With enough strength, you can disable an opponent’s arm instantly before a fight, greatly reducing their power.” One-Eyed Owl explained seriously. 
Lin Tian cursed, “Damn, with your speed, even ten eyes can’t see clearly! Let go!” 
“Too fast? Can’t help it.” One-Eyed Owl shrugged, releasing him and lifting her leg from his shoulder. 
Osius and others enjoyed their popcorn, laughing. 
“That kid, haha, he’s in for it. Asking Boss to help improve strength, isn’t that seeking death?” 
“Watch, he’ll run away by tonight, haha!” Grugia and others laughed. 
At this moment. 
A Dragon Slayer Guild member rushed in, “Boss! Our museum has been raided!” 
… 
You can read extra chapters at <a href="https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/">Etude Translations</a> linked to Patreon! <a href="https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/">https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/</a> 
Join our Discord! <a href="https://discord.gg/twRz58dUce">https://discord.gg/twRz58dUce</a> 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 145: Sincerity and Deceit! Twelfth-tier Monster! 
TL: Sungmin 
“What!!?” 
Everyone’s faces changed dramatically. 
Even the One-Eyed Owl rushed to the person’s side in an instant, herexpression grave. “The museum was raided? Are you drunk?!” 
This was their territory. 
Who dared to cause trouble? 
Moreover, the museum was a place that showcased their strength. 
Knowing the power that was displayed there, someone still dared to make a move. 
Unless they were confident they could take on the Dragon Slayer Guild, who would dare to act so recklessly? 
“Boss, I wouldn’t dare lie to you.” 
The subordinate, pressured by the intense atmosphere, spoke pitifully. 
He was afraid that if he misspoke, he would be met with either a slap or a punch. 
The One-Eyed Owl pushed him away and leaped to the guild’s outer wall twenty meters away. 
She then traversed the rooftops of the surrounding buildings. 
In just a few seconds, she disappeared. She headed straight for the museum, where she saw that the top floor, where the most precious trophies were stored, had been completely looted, with only some remnants left. 
She was about to go insane! 
“Which damn bastard did this!!!” The One-Eyed Owl shouted, stomping her foot in rage, causing the entire building to shake. 
Passersby were startled. 
They quickly fled the scene. 
Before long, Lin Tian, Osius, and Grugia also arrived. 
Seeing the scene, they felt a mix of regret and anger. 
“Who would dare do such a thing, openly declaring war on us!” 
“Damn it, I’m going to slaughter that beast!” 
“Damn bastard, whether you’re human or monster, when I get mad, I get hungry. If I catch you, I’ll eat you piece by piece!” 
“I want to turn him into a live specimen myself!” 
The members of the Dragon Slayer Guild were furious. 
But they all kept a considerable distance from the One-Eyed Owl. 
Osius looked at the scene with both anger and helplessness. “Sigh! Yesterday, Big Sis broke the door and forgot to fix it. It’s likely that the ones who did this aren’t very strong.” 
“Are you blaming me then?” 
In an instant! 
A cold face appeared beside Osius, with pure white, creepy light emitting from her pupils! 
Osius didn’t dare to breathe loudly. “Boss, we should seal off the area immediately and conduct a thorough investigation.” 
This city was equivalent to a tourist town. 
There were many people coming and going. 
So the best they could do was this. 
However, 
The One-Eyed Owl quickly calmed down. “Forget it, from now on, there’s no need to close the doors here. I will hunt for stronger trophies and see if they dare to come again!” 
“Boss…” 
Everyone felt a mix of regret and even admiration! 
“That’s our boss, such courage!” 
Lin Tian, standing nearby, pretended to be insincere. “It’s no big deal, just some corpses and stones. Surely Big Sis doesn’t care.” 
Upon hearing this. 
Grugia looked at him with displeasure. “Rookie, it just shows you’ve never seen the world.” 
“The core dragon crystal is the most important thing from the ancient dragon king, worth more than a million gold coins.” 
“And there were more than a dozen specimens of twelfth-tier monsters, each one a famous monster! Though not as strong as a demon king, each was powerful enough to dominate a region.” 
“Their value is beyond mention; even the royal family of the War Empire begged for one but never got any.” 
“For this, our boss didn’t hesitate to offend several noble families of the empire.” 
Grugia explained. 
Lin Tian pretended to listen intently. “Then seal the city quickly. With so many things, they can’t be moved out all at once. We can find them.” 
“No need, these things are worthless to me.” 
The One-Eyed Owl interrupted. “I’m just curious who dared to steal from the Dragon Slayer Guild. I will place even stronger trophies here and wait for him to come back! I want to see his true face!” 
Compared to the loss of the items. 
She was more curious about who did it. 
If it was really just a weak thief, catching him would be meaningless. 
“I see. Boss, you’re formidable!”  
Lin Tian felt immense regret in his heart! 
The Goblin Empire was in dire need of money right now. 
He hadn’t realized those specimens were so valuable! 
If he had known, he would have kept a few to sell and could have enhanced the empire’s strength. 
For instance, buying some equipment, advanced magic tools, or battle pets from other empires. 
Now, Lin Tian had expanded his operations to the imperial level; it was no longer the barbaric era where he could just rob. 
But he still loved to rob the most. 
However, before doing that, he needed to develop stealthily until he was strong enough. 
Then, the One-Eyed Owl walked out. “Kid, let’s continue. Osius, Grugia, handle this matter.” 
“No problem.” 
Seeing the One-Eyed Owl, Lin Tian couldn’t help but think that this guy was indeed extraordinary. 
Her thought process was truly bizarre. 
Even though their business had been raided, she still had the mood to teach him combat skills? 
Just as he was about to follow, Grugia placed a hand on Lin Tian’s shoulder. “Rookie, don’t be in such a hurry. You are now a member of the guild too, so help clean up.” 
“Ahem, Big Sis is going to teach me something. Don’t get in the way.” Lin Tian spoke seriously, forcibly leaving. 
He was too lazy to do that work. 
Watching the two return to the Dragon Slayer Guild. 
Osius was puzzled. “Why didn’t you stop that kid? Even though he’s annoying and weak, I don’t want to see him bedridden tomorrow.” 
Grugia sighed heavily. “The rookie is quite strong. I tried to hold him down, but he broke free. What can I do?” 
“Tsk tsk tsk, let’s just pray he survives.” 
Everyone spoke with regret. 
They had tried their best. 
Because they knew the training Lin Tian was about to undergo would definitely include some personal emotions from the One-Eyed Owl! 
The result would be unimaginable misery. 
They had intended to save Lin Tian, which was why they tried to hold him back to clean the museum. 
Unfortunately, they hadn’t manage to save him. 
They couldn’t openly state the reason; otherwise, it wouldn’t be Lin Tian getting beaten up, but them. 
The next day. 
Time passed. 
At a bedside, members of the Dragon Slayer Guild came one after another to take a look. 
They all left, sighing and shaking their heads. 
The third day, the fourth day. 
It took a full week. 
Lin Tian slowly opened his eyes. 
He saw Osius taking care of him nearby. “Kid, you’re finally awake! If you had slept two more days, we were going to give you a mercy killing!” 
“What happened to me?” 
Lin Tian only felt his head aching and his memories jumbled. 
He tried to reach up to hold his head, only to find himself wrapped in bandages like a mummy. 
People came in one after another to visit. “It’s a miracle!” 
“This kid is tough; he’ll definitely achieve great things.” 
“To survive Big Sis’s torment, he’s already beyond human!” 
Lin Tian wasn’t touched, but Grugia was almost moved to tears. “Rookie, I almost thought I killed you out of fear that day!” 
He had been thinking these past days, if only he had held him back a little more. 
Maybe Lin Tian wouldn’t have ended up like this. 
“Huh? What exactly happened to me?” 
Lin Tian looked utterly confused, not understanding why everyone seemed to be mourning. 
The One-Eyed Owl walked in from the doorway, still looking sexy. 
However, her face had an unusual hint of apology. “Kid, I was too harsh that day. I didn’t expect the super recovery potion to be used up, so I poured all the high-level recovery potions on you. I thought you wouldn’t make it, but you survived!” 
“Huh?” Lin Tian tilted his head, thinking. 
Suddenly, he remembered that terrifying day! 
He was purely being brutally beaten by the One-Eyed Owl! 
He even secretly used all his strength, yet he couldn’t escape getting knocked down again and again. 
The One-Eyed Owl seemed like a war machine. 
There was no flaw to be found, and his attacks had no effect. 
His own attacks were like a max-level player slaughtering newbies, easily deflected. 
“Boss, don’t you think you should compensate him? That was too harsh. You personally recognized him and let him join us.” Grugia spoke up. 
The One-Eyed Owl covered her face with her hand, looking helpless. “Alright, alright! I’ll teach you something real. Do you remember how I beat you up before?” 
Upon hearing this, Lin Tian thought about it and then described it. 
He remembered the One-Eyed Owl moving like a boxer, her feet constantly tapping. 
Always keeping the blood flowing quickly. 
It was like avoiding a machine stalling, as restarting would be time-consuming. 
And he could hear those breaths, like a peculiar melody. 
The One-Eyed Owl responded, “That’s right. It’s a breathing technique combined with martial arts that I created. It can significantly boost mental power! 
It allows every strike to exert over 120% of the body’s strength and the fastest reaction speed.” 
Hearing this, Lin Tian looked surprised. 
Was there such a combat technique? 
It wasn’t found on her attribute panel skills. 
So it could only be considered a combat technique, not a skill. 
“When you’re recovered, I’ll take you to practical combat and teach you properly as compensation.” The One-Eyed Owl said and then left. 
Grugia laughed. “Rookie, you’re really lucky! When the time comes, you have to teach me a move or two.” 
“I’ve taken care of you for so long, don’t forget my kindness!” Osius said with displeasure. 
Lin Tian nodded. “Although you guys usually don’t treat me like a human, I won’t forget your help.” 
“Hey, with that attitude, you can deal with your own mess. I won’t help you anymore!” Osius got annoyed and left. 
Lin Tian quickly called out, “I was wrong, good brother. We’re all buddies!” 
Amidst the laughter. 
Lin Tian felt these people were much better than he had imagined. 
If it were someone else, they would definitely despise him. 
But Osius and the others seemed unfazed about dealing with his mess, as if it didn’t matter to them. 
“Damn it, this kid isn’t very big, but why! Why is he so much bigger than me!?” Grugia watched from the side, saying bitterly. 
At that moment. 
He was genuinely jealous! 
Osius felt the same way. “It’s not scientific! No wonder this kid dares to pursue Big Sis. He has the skills for it, damn it!” 
Lin Tian now looked human. 
But he could control parts to revert to his true form. 
Previously, he had fantasized about marrying the One-Eyed Owl, so he reverted a part of his body. 
After all, preparation was key before any action. 
“Screw this, I’m done!” Osius, twisted with jealousy, walked out. 
Soon, no one was left. 
They had felt sorry for Lin Tian before, but now, they wished he would die! 
… 
Another week passed. 
Lin Tian had almost fully recovered. 
The One-Eyed Owl also received information about the location of a twelfth-tier monster. 
… 
You can read extra chapters at <a href="https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/">Etude Translations</a> linked to Patreon! <a href="https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/">https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/</a> 
Join our Discord! <a href="https://discord.gg/twRz58dUce">https://discord.gg/twRz58dUce</a> 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 146: Fire Elemental Spirit, Salamander! 
TL: Sungmin 
“Oakwood Forest?” 
Inside the Dragon Slayer Guildhall. 
The One-Eyed Owl was questioning an outsider. 
This man claimed to be a wandering merchant, roaming across the continent, and had specifically come to provide information about a ferocious monster he had discovered. 
The Dragon Slayer Guild had announced that anyone who could provide information on monsters of the 11th tier would be rewarded with 200 gold coins, and for a 12th tier, 500 gold coins. 
One gold coin was equivalent to a hundred silver coins. 
A cup of tree milk cost one silver coin, which meant the info was worth fifty thousand cups of tree milk. 
This showed it was an astronomical amount. 
The wandering merchant, full of greed, nodded eagerly, “Yes, yes, I happened to see the big bugs there eating people when I passed by Oakwood Forest!” 
“Bullshit!” 
Beside him, Grugia said irritably, grabbing the merchant by the collar. 
He felt his intelligence was being insulted. 
They had heard of Oakwood Forest, home to many Ironhorn Tribe members, a sub-race of rhinoceros beetles. 
Each one was incredibly powerful. 
They had iron-like shells and highly aggressive iron horns. 
They could easily snap a towering tree, showcasing their strength. 
Furthermore, the leader of the Ironhorn Tribe was a 12th-tier monster, dominating the area. 
Even the War Empire didn’t dare to conquer them. 
They had to leave them space to reproduce in Oakwood Forest. 
The main reason was that they fed on tree sap, making it impossible for them to eat people. 
Osius played with a small knife nearby, scraping it across the dirty, dust-covered face of the wandering merchant. 
He threatened, “We also said if anyone dares to lie here, we’ll cut out his tongue…” 
“By heaven and earth, we merchants value honesty the most!” The wandering merchant shivered in fear. 
The One-Eyed Owl gestured to release him, “Tell me more specifically.” 
“I saw with my own eyes, they kidnapped and killed passersby, sucking their bodily fluids! There were many human remains there, you can see for yourselves. I’ll wait right here for your return, I definitely won’t run!” The wandering merchant spoke with firm conviction. 
His expression still showed some lingering fear from witnessing it. 
Since monsters were categorized as good or bad, the Dragon Slayer Guild didn’t kill indiscriminately. 
Their targets were usually those that had killed or posed a threat to humans. 
Such monsters were often very powerful. 
Perfect for their taste. 
Hearing this. 
The One-Eyed Owl stood up, very pleased, “Good, I’ve been wanting to see if the Ironhorn Tribe is as formidable as the rumors say! Kid, today you’re coming to experience real combat, watch and learn well!” 
Lin Tian, seeing her confidence, didn’t refuse. 
At the very least, he could learn this breathing technique and combat skills, greatly enhancing his strength. 
Skills and such could be exchanged from the system later. 
But combat skills were very rare. 
Alice mainly taught swordsmanship, and Lin Tian had learned almost everything. 
At this moment, the One-Eyed Owl instructed, “You guys keep a close eye on this fellow. If the Ironhorn Tribe is honest and upright, I’ll personally cut out his tongue when I return!” 
“No problem!” 
Then, 
Lin Tian followed the One-Eyed Owl. 
Each riding a carnivorous horse, they sped along the road. 
Oakwood Forest was only a hundred kilometers away, not too far. 
In less than two hours, they saw the dense oaks ahead. 
Each tree was at least fifteen meters tall. 
The trunks were straight, with many branches at the top, very disorderly. 
In this season, there were no leaves, but there were many large, plump acorns. 
Children from nearby villages often picked acorns along the roadside to eat. 
They were aware of the Ironhorn Tribe living there, but life’s pressures left them no choice. 
Fortunately, the Ironhorn Tribe was known for their peaceful and kind nature, so they had never harmed humans. 
“There seems to be a monster’s presence in the Boiling Marsh over there too.” 
Standing beside Oakwood Forest, the One-Eyed Owl turned to look at the distant marsh. 
A thousand meters ahead lay a marshy area. 
Bubbles constantly rose from the pits in the water, the entire area steaming with heat. 
It looked as if the water was boiling. 
Lin Tian, seeing such a peculiar landscape for the first time, speculated, “Is there a volcano around here? Why is the marsh boiling?” 
“There’s no volcano, but there’s a fire-breathing newt living below. It’s said to be a descendant of Salamander.” 
The One-Eyed Owl slowly approached the Boiling Marsh, hoping to encounter the legendary Salamander, which was a fire elemental spirit, one of the four great elemental spirits. 
Lin Tian followed, approaching the Boiling Marsh, feeling as if he were in a sauna. 
Very refreshing. 
“Boss, I haven’t bathed in days, I’ll take a soak first!” Lin Tian couldn’t resist, testing the water temperature. 
The temperature around the pits was just right, around forty degrees, not scalding. 
The central area was boiling. 
The One-Eyed Owl smirked coldly, “Kid, are you trying to seduce me? What if I can’t hold back and take you right here?” 
Of course, it was just a joke. 
“You go ahead and soak, I’ll scout around and see if there are any traces of humans being attacked by the Ironhorn Tribe.” 
With that, the One-Eyed Owl left first. 
She ventured into Oakwood Forest. 
Lin Tian felt an unprecedented sense of comfort, almost euphoric. 
He had never taken a hot bath, let alone soaked in a hot spring. 
It was indeed very refreshing. 
He thought about bringing Gobu Yue and the others back to soak as well. That little guy had helped him handle a lot of matters; he should let her relax too. 
Of course, there were others as well. 
While he was lost in thought. 
A piece of turf in the middle of the marsh was pushed up by something. 
A pair of enormous eyes appeared. 
The eyes were golden-yellow with black spots around the pupils, resembling those of a reptile, extremely cold and terrifying. 
Just one of these eyes was dozens of centimeters in size. 
The fire-breathing newt’s body was over ten meters long, and its temperament was unfriendly. 
Since it was a descendant of Salamander and had always lurked in this uninhabited marsh, never harming humans, it hadn’t been hunted. 
However, monsters had a sense of territory! 
It sensed the strong, threatening demonic aura from Lin Tian. 
So it prepared to attack. 
The enormous body swam through the muddy marsh, quickly arriving beneath Lin Tian. 
“This feels so good. Why is it getting hotter?” 
Lin Tian was leaning against the shore, enjoying the hot spring. 
He wiped the sweat from his forehead, not realizing something was wrong until he saw a bubble rise from the water. 
His drowsy mind snapped to alertness, feeling something was amiss! 
The water was boiling! 
He quickly jumped ashore, his entire body red and scalded, “Damn, what’s going on?” 
“Sss!” 
Suddenly, a jet of boiling water shot from the pit towards Lin Tian! 
The range was too wide to dodge! 
Though not very aggressive, this was real boiling water, and if it scalded him, his entire body would be disfigured. 
Lin Tian, not caring about exposing himself, used a powerful shout to disperse the steam. 
After all, the One-Eyed Owl wasn’t nearby. 
He saw a red, salamander-like six-legged newt lying on the marsh. 
Its mucus constantly dripped, evaporating large amounts of steam. 
Its soft horns were aflame. 
It made hissing noises, full of threatening aggression. 
“This guy is a fire-breathing newt? Is it crazy, why is it attacking me?” 
Lin Tian cursed, irritated that he couldn’t even take a bath in peace. 
But, its combat power was surprisingly 9000. 
It wouldn’t be easy to deal with. 
He decided to settle it quickly before the One-Eyed Owl returned. 
He pulled out the Spear of Zeus and swiftly leaped onto its back, stabbing down! 
“What?!” 
Lin Tian frowned as the spearhead slipped aside, nearly stabbing his own foot. 
He hadn’t expected the mucus to be so slippery. 
Moreover, it was very hot! 
He couldn’t bear it and retreated to the side. 
Suddenly, he saw a huge mouth aimed at him, gathering flames! 
“Boom!” 
Flames burst out, scorching the area where Lin Tian had just stood, and the marsh grass outside was charred black for tens of meters! 
The key difference from a wyvern was that this creature could continuously breathe fire without a break! 
Lin Tian was forced to dodge rapidly, using his elemental crossbow to aim at its throat, absorbing its fire element. 
Preparing to return fire. 
As it opened its mouth to breathe fire again, a large mass of flames was blasted into the fire-breathing newt’s throat. 
“Cough, cough!” 
Immediately, the flames backfired inside its body, causing its belly to glow red. 
The fire-breathing newt choked, coughing out black smoke. 
It turned to escape. 
From the sky, the One-Eyed Owl’s shout grew louder and louder! 
“Get! Out! Of! My! Way!!!” 
Whoosh! 
Boom! 
She descended like a meteor! 
Crashing onto the fire-breathing newt’s head! 
The impact sent mud and water flying everywhere, reaching dozens of meters high! 
Lin Tian, covered in mud, stood dazed. 
But when he saw the scene before him, he was shocked. 
The marsh was empty, the water blasted away. 
The fire-breathing newt lay there, its head smashed to pieces. 
The scene was extremely gruesome! 
The One-Eyed Owl stood atop the huge head, very proud, “Too easy. I wonder if Salamander can put up a fight.” 
“Defeated, just like that?!” 
Lin Tian was stunned, barely able to speak. After all, it had a combat power of 9000. 
But its head was smashed in one punch. 
Even if it didn’t die, it was as good as dead. 
This woman was truly terrifying! 
The One-Eyed Owl boasted, “You have a lot to learn, kid. Let’s go. I found traces of corpses. The Ironhorn Tribe—not a single one will be spared!” 
Lin Tian followed behind. 
This time, he was just a spectator, no need to lift a finger. 
Just to learn combat skills. 
As long as he didn’t expose himself prematurely. 
The One-Eyed Owl swaggered in. 
Shouting continuously, “Hey! Little bugs inside! Get out here! How dare you kill passersby at will? Just right, the museum needs specimens! Get out here!” 
Her voice echoed through Oakwood Forest. 
Lin Tian was on high alert, “Boss, isn’t this reckless? What if they ambush us?” 
He eyed the thick fallen leaves. 
Afraid a giant beetle man might jump out. 
The Ironhorn Tribe was said to be insanely strong, meaning they were inherently powerful. 
Lin Tian dared not be careless. 
Suddenly, he saw a little boy running towards them from afar. 
Crying in terror, “Waa! Can anyone save me?” 
He tripped and fell, spilling acorns from the wicker basket he was carrying. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 147: The Crazy and Powerful Woman 
TL: Sungmin 
Seeing Lin Tian and his group, the young boy quickly abandoned the acorn and crawled over in a hurry. “Big sis, big brother, can you save my little brother? There are so many bugs on him!” 
The expression of the One-Eyed Owl changed slightly. “Little brother, come with me!” 
Saying this, she picked up the young boy with one hand, mounted her carnivorous horse, and rushed in the direction he had come from. 
Lin Tian followed closely behind. 
They didn’t travel far. 
Soon, they saw a series of shacks built from thick trees. 
It must have been the Ironhorn Tribe’s camp. 
At a glance, they saw a young boy lying on the ground, covered in blood. 
A black, shiny beetle, like an enlarged rhinoceros beetle, was perched on the boy’s belly. 
With its sharp, pointed mouth, it bit into the tender skin and flesh. 
It sucked out the fluids inside. 
It was sticky and mushy, the sound of its eating was utterly disgusting. 
It was a mixture of organs and blood, all shredded together. 
Even though Lin Tian was a goblin and had seen many disgusting scenes, this was a first for him! 
At that moment, another beetle, slightly larger than a human, approached. 
Using its steel-like claws, it lightly touched the boy’s head, creating a bloody hole. 
It continued to suck. 
“Who knew humans could taste so delicious!” 
“Hmph, from now on, we’ll eat them every day!” 
“They deserve this!” 
“We’ll avenge our dead children, eating every human!” 
Witnessing this scene, the One-Eyed Owl’s entire body began to emit a crimson aura, as if it were burning! 
It was her uncontrollable battle spirit! 
In an instant, she disappeared from her spot, leaving behind only the trembling space and a violent gust of wind that swept up countless fallen leaves! 
The next second, she descended from the sky, her heavy fists smashing into the two beetles that were feasting on the humans! 
“Boom!” 
The sound was like a nuclear explosion! 
The terrifying impact blew over all the surrounding oak trees! 
The shacks in the beetle camp were even more thoroughly destroyed, not a single one remained intact! 
The thick layer of fallen leaves filled the sky like an ocean. 
After a long while, everything calmed down. 
Lin Tian finally saw the One-Eyed Owl’s position. The ground had been smashed into a large pit. 
One beetle had been blasted away, its whereabouts unknown. 
The beetle that was hit had its back split open, oozing thick green liquid. 
White and black innards were forcibly squeezed out from its mouth and tail. 
It looked disgusting and terrifying. 
What was even more surprising was that despite such an earth-shattering punch, it only deformed the beetle slightly. 
It didn’t shatter or explode. 
Remember, the giant fire-breathing salamander earlier had its head blown off. 
The One-Eyed Owl was clearly struggling a bit. 
In the air, the sound of insect wings flapping was heard, their thin wings under the shell flapping rapidly. 
A large number of beetles began to gather in this direction! 
They were so numerous that they covered the sky! 
Their black eyes and shiny shells, every part of their bodies was hard and reflective, their limbs gleaming like razors! 
A long, powerful horn, like a crown. 
The sense of oppression was overwhelming! 
The lead beetle was even larger, about three meters tall. 
Lin Tian quickly checked the defense of these creatures. 
[Ironhorn Chief: Lv100<br/>
Race: Ironhorn Tribe<br/>
Profession: None<br/>
Title: Body of Tough Iron, Immensely Strong, Extremely Sturdy<br/>
Health: 3000<br/>
Strength: 1500<br/>
Defense: 1500<br/>
Skills: Fatal Impact, Horn Clash, Death Embrace<br/>
Equipment: None<br/>
Overall: 10099] 
The Ironhorn Chief retracted its wings, landing heavily with a thud! 
Its presence was imposing and grand! 
Its deep black eyes glanced over everyone. 
“You damned humans, have you become so arrogant as to attack my tribe?” the Ironhorn Chief said coldly. 
Its voice was very low and thick, as if it had the confidence to kill everyone. 
The One-Eyed Owl was incredibly arrogant. “Hmph, attacking your tribe? I saw your tribe members eating innocent children, you damned bug!” 
“That’s what you deserve. You slaughter our children, so your children should…” 
The Ironhorn Chief didn’t get to finish. 
The One-Eyed Owl sneered with disdain. “Blah, blah, blah! I’ll smash you to pulp first!!!” 
“Bang!” 
The astonishing force of her punch stirred up a cloud of dust! 
The shockwave made the trees several dozen meters behind them sway violently! 
However, 
The Ironhorn Chief stood firmly in place. 
He extended his hand, easily blocking the punch, and the barbs on his palm pierced into the One-Eyed Owl’s fist. 
Blood quickly seeped out. 
The claws of an insect were also a formidable and sharp weapon. 
But the One-Eyed Owl didn’t care. She forcibly extended her fist, watching as the flesh was torn, the wound widening. 
She then threw another fierce punch at the Ironhorn Chief’s chest! 
“Boom!” 
The sound of an exploding bomb echoed! 
The space rippled! 
Unfortunately, it was entirely different from what she had imagined. Instead of flying backward, the Ironhorn Chief only took half a step back, somewhat surprised. “For a human, and a female at that, your strength is indeed terrifying, but…” 
“Boom!” 
The next second. 
His fist also struck the One-Eyed Owl. 
The scene she had envisioned now happened! 
The One-Eyed Owl shot out like an arrow from a bow, flying straight for hundreds of meters, crashing through one thick tree after another! 
If it had been a normal person, they would have been pulverized! 
The gust of wind from her flight made the carnivorous horses restless and unsteady. 
“Kill them.” 
At this moment, the Ironhorn Chief looked coldly at Lin Tian. 
“Buzz buzz buzz!” 
A swarm of beetles lowered their heads, aiming their iron horns at them. 
They accelerated, charging downwards! 
Lin Tian frowned, retreating. 
He saw a group of carnivorous horses and young boys riding them. 
In an instant, they were crushed into pieces! 
Scattered everywhere, blood splattering! 
After watching for so long, Lin Tian understood that these creatures had extremely strong defense and strength. 
Each one had an overall combat power of 7 to 8,000. 
If a fight broke out, they might not even be able to win because of the extreme defense these creatures had. 
Plus, there were hundreds of them. 
“Whoosh!” 
Suddenly, a towering figure stood in front of Lin Tian. “Did I say you could touch him!?” 
“Swish swish swish swish!!!” 
In an instant, the wind from the punches whistled, and all that could be seen were dense afterimages! 
The attacks landed on more than ten nearby beetles, instantly smashing them into pulp! 
Sticky fluids splattered everywhere! 
The residual impact of the punches also pushed back the other beetles. 
Seeing this, the Ironhorn Chief’s expression turned serious. “Fall back, I’ll handle this female human.” 
“Kid, stay back too. These guys are tougher than I thought, but tough opponents are better. I’m tired of squishy ones!” The One-Eyed Owl said confidently. 
She pushed Lin Tian away. 
From a distance, Lin Tian could see her fists were already torn, exposing bone. 
Yet she still wanted to fight. 
She truly was a lunatic. 
The next second. 
The One-Eyed Owl unleashed her full power! A crimson aura surrounded her body as she punched back and forth around the Ironhorn Chief like a ghost! 
Each strike made the space ripple! 
The sound was as piercing as thunder! 
The Ironhorn Chief merely protected his head, standing still. “What terrifying strength and speed. To think you can fight our Ironhorn Tribe to this extent—you’re the first!” 
“Unfortunately, I won’t forgive the sins your kind has committed!” 
As he spoke, four black, hardened arms extended from his abdomen. 
He forcibly grabbed the One-Eyed Owl, activating the skill ‘Death Embrace!’ 
He intended to crush her with absolute strength! 
Anyone who has played with insects knows not to underestimate their small arms. 
If they grab your finger, you have to use great force and endure the pain to pull it off. Even a grasshopper can do this, let alone the Hercules of the insect world: 
The rhinoceros beetle. 
Lin Tian was stunned by what he heard. These bugs had been saying humans deserved it and were unforgivable. 
It felt like there was something fishy going on here. 
But now wasn’t the time to think about it. 
The One-Eyed Owl seemed to be in danger. 
She was being squeezed tighter and tighter, the sharp claws even cutting into her tenderest parts, drawing blood. 
The beetles in the sky were ecstatic. “This human is done for!” 
“Hmph, the Chief’s Death Embrace can crush boulders into powder, and he often practices on thick oak trees. A fragile human will easily be crushed into pieces!” 
“The power of six arms is something she can’t withstand.” 
They all believed victory was in sight. 
Remember, if it could crush stones and trees into powder. 
You could imagine how powerful it was. 
“Competing in brute strength?! I’m more than happy to give it a try!!!” 
At this moment, the One-Eyed Owl still spoke with great confidence. 
Her aura started rotating and changing with her breathing like a Tai Chi master! 
She took a deep breath, filling her lungs. 
The One-Eyed Owl’s eyes turned completely red! 
Then the sound of her muscles tightening was heard. 
Crackling, the wind was pulled tight! 
It was extremely shocking! 
Veins bulged prominently, and her fists crackled as she struggled with all her might! 
The Ironhorn Chief’s expression changed dramatically, “No, impossible! How can a human possess such strength?!” 
“Crack!” 
On the spot, one of his smaller arms broke! 
Green mucus oozed everywhere. 
Then three more arms broke! 
Had he not let go in time, he would have lost all his hands. 
The One-Eyed Owl’s current state was as if she were not human anymore, but a ferocious and terrifying beast! 
She bared her teeth, revealing two canines, her eyes glowing red! 
Breathing heavily, the crimson aura around her body surged with each breath. 
Her muscle definition appeared like a set of armor covering her entire body. 
Elegant yet deadly! 
The Ironhorn Chief used another deadly move, “Fatal Impact!” 
He lowered his head, aiming his sharp, elongated horn at the One-Eyed Owl and charged! 
Facing the attack, she grabbed the long horn with her hand, stepped back with her left leg, and powered through her waist and hips! 
She formed a stable stance! 
With a powerful lift, she threw the Ironhorn Chief, sending him crashing into a swarm of beetles! 
“Chief! Damn it, let’s go!” 
“Kill these damned humans!” 
“We don’t believe she has the stamina to kill us all!” 
Hundreds of beetles charged at the One-Eyed Owl in unison! 
The sound of fists clashing with sharp carapaces continuously erupted, like thunder! 
With each punch, she sent a beetle flying hundreds or even thousands of meters away! The air itself trembled! 
They burst into goo upon impact! 
But over time, the One-Eyed Owl’s fists became a bloody mess, her bones cracking. 
This was extremely dangerous. 
Yet she couldn’t stop attacking, laughing maniacally as if addicted, “Keep going! Keep coming! Come at me, you filthy bugs!!!” 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 148: Exposed Identity, One-Eyed Owl Near Death! 
TL: Sungmin 
Lin Tian hurriedly shouted from behind, “Big Sis! That’s enough, your hands can’t hold out much longer!” 
It wasn’t just that her hands were about to be ruined. 
If her hands were crippled, she wouldn’t be able to fight back and would be beaten down. 
Lin Tian wasn’t confident enough to think he could defeat a tank-like high-defense, high-attack chief of the Ironhorn Tribe! 
However, the One-Eyed Owl showed no signs of stopping. 
Laughing madly, she said, “I’m really on a high right now! I can’t stop! Hahaha!!!” 
Each punch sent blood splattering! 
Some belonged to the rhinoceros beetles, some to her. 
The blood splattered on her flushed face, adding a touch of seductive color, her eyes misty and almost dripping with desire! 
At this moment, her state was like that of a woman in the throes of ecstasy! 
She laughed in a delirious, indulgent manner. 
She wanted more! 
One after another, over a hundred rhinoceros beetles were beaten to a pulp! 
Until the One-Eyed Owl’s fists could no longer hold, her flesh and bones shattered and scattered all over the ground. 
She finally stopped. 
Dragging her arms, which could neither be lifted nor controlled, she retreated to Lin Tian’s side. 
She sighed, “So tough! So satisfying! I’ve never fought prey like this before!” 
“Big Sis, are you really crazy? Let’s retreat first!” 
Lin Tian couldn’t help but speak, incredulous at her recklessness. 
However, the One-Eyed Owl calmly replied, “Retreat? No way, I’m not leaving. Continue!!” 
She planned to single-handedly hold off the remaining hundred or so rhinoceros beetles. 
Lin Tian’s expression changed slightly, “What are you going to use to block them? You can’t stop them anymore. Isn’t it better to call the guild and flatten this place?” 
“Kid, are you kidding me? My legs are still fine!” 
The One-Eyed Owl said spiritedly and charged towards the rhinoceros beetles! 
“Her hands are crippled! Let’s attack! Kill her!” 
“Damn human!!!” 
“I’ll suck your brain! Your fluids!” 
For a moment, these rhinoceros beetles thought they could finally kill the One-Eyed Owl. 
But she unexpectedly delivered a high kick! 
She brutally shattered the skull of the foremost rhinoceros beetle, its brain splattered! 
Its two eyes popped out like peas, its face grotesquely disfigured. 
It died on the spot. 
The One-Eyed Owl continued, if she couldn’t use her fists, then she’d use her legs! 
Her leg skills were even more formidable than her punches. 
She could suppress such a large group of iron-hard rhinoceros beetles! 
At that moment, Lin Tian finally understood the difference between himself and these people. 
He sought stability, aiming to grow strong and laugh last. 
But these people didn’t care who survived in the end; as long as they lived, they wanted to enjoy what they loved to the fullest! 
Until death! 
Although it didn’t concern him much, it pained him to see this. This couldn’t go on; they had to leave and seek help. 
Because the Dragon Slayer Guild’s hunting missions were usually completed solo. 
Just like this time, especially since the One-Eyed Owl herself was involved. 
No one else had thought to come along. 
However, 
The journey back and forth would take nearly two hours. 
Could she hold out? 
“Why are you still standing there, you rookie! If it weren’t for you holding me back, I could have used a different fighting style! Get lost! Do I have to spell it out for you!” Finally, the One-Eyed Owl spoke up. 
Kicking the rhinoceros beetles as if they were footballs. 
Although these rhinoceros beetles were almost dead, only a few still alive. 
But the strongest Ironhorn Chief hadn’t made a move yet. 
Moreover, the One-Eyed Owl’s legs were also mangled, especially the left one, which had been used too many times. 
Some bones were already shattered. 
Because of her sense of responsibility, she couldn’t retreat. Since she had brought this ‘rookie’ Lin Tian, she had to ensure his safe return. 
She just wasn’t good with words and didn’t say it. 
Suddenly. 
The One-Eyed Owl’s pupils contracted, sensing an approaching threat! 
But it was too late to dodge. 
The Ironhorn Chief charged in a sneak attack, its sharp horn fiercely striking her from the side! 
“Crack!” 
Three ribs broke! 
And pierced her lungs and liver! 
Floating in mid-air, the One-Eyed Owl couldn’t find a leverage point to break free. 
She could only be pushed forward rapidly by the long, hard horn. 
All obstacles in their path collided into the One-Eyed Owl. 
“Boom!” 
A meter-thick oak tree was snapped by the One-Eyed Owl being pushed into it. 
Then another two, three trees! 
The hard granite was shattered into pieces! 
Whether it was huge rocks or trees, the One-Eyed Owl swept through them like a bulldozer’s blade, clearing everything in her path. 
A wide road, over a thousand meters long, was cleared! 
It was a shocking sight! 
“This dumb kid… already scared stupid… not leaving… so damn foolish…” 
The One-Eyed Owl, with her remaining eye, watched Lin Tian from afar. 
Her vision was blurred, her head swaying with no strength left to support it. 
Even cursing Lin Tian was a struggle, her words slurred and unclear. 
Gradually. 
She closed her eyes. 
Seeing the unconscious One-Eyed Owl, the Ironhorn Chief’s face was full of pride. “Hmph, female human, no matter how strong you are, you have limits. Accept the wrath of the Ironhorn Tribe!” 
She wasn’t foolish; when her fists were crippled, she could have easily escaped. 
But given Lin Tian’s displayed strength, escape was impossible. 
So she chose to fight to the death. 
“Although usually unapproachable and self-serving, I didn’t expect you to have such a strong sense of responsibility.” 
Lin Tian’s voice slowly rose. 
He had approached the Ironhorn Chief from behind. 
Seeing the dying One-Eyed Owl, he was quite moved. 
The Ironhorn Chief turned around. Although only two or three meters tall, every movement made him seem like a mountain shifting! 
The ground rumbled. 
He looked at Lin Tian with disdain, “A weaker human? You don’t seem to be as strong as a single hair of that female!” 
“Indeed, I’m not as strong as her, but if I decided to kill you… you might not survive!!!” 
“Whoosh!!!” 
Lin Tian reverted to his original, fearsome goblin form! 
A terrifying demonic aura surged into the sky! 
It stirred the entire forest! 
The Ironhorn Chief’s expression changed dramatically. He stepped back several paces, exclaiming, “You’re a demon! And such a powerful one!” 
Such a terrifying demonic aura was unprecedented! 
It only appeared on extremely evil and brutal demons. 
But upon closer inspection. 
He couldn’t help but laugh, “A goblin? You really scared me there. I thought you were some formidable demon, but you’re just trash…” 
“Buzz!!!” 
Suddenly, his ears burst, blood splattering. 
His mind went blank. 
Lin Tian had used his Ruinous Howl, then immediately drew out the Spear of Zeus. 
He thrust it fiercely into the Ironhorn Chief’s mouth. 
“Sizzle!” 
Powerful lightning surged in! It also summoned a massive thunderbolt, splitting the earth! 
He hadn’t intended to use the Spear of Zeus to kill this guy, and it certainly couldn’t penetrate. 
So, elemental attacks were bound to be effective. 
Sure enough, 
After waking up, the Ironhorn Chief lay on the ground, emitting the smell of roasted insects. 
But he quickly stood up, slightly surprised, “You don’t seem to be an ordinary goblin? You can actually summon lightning!” 
Though slightly injured, he was mostly unharmed. 
He began to attack. 
Each claw swipe could easily topple a meter-thick tree! 
The force was terrifying. 
Lin Tian dodged swiftly, a sinister smile on his lips. 
After some time, he activated his latest skill, Anubis’ Soul Drain! 
He landed another ten-second strong control. 
This time, he aimed at the gaps in the Ironhorn Chief’s carapace! 
He drew out the Spear of Zeus and stabbed it in fiercely! 
“Splurt!” 
It pierced accurately, fluid spurting! 
Earlier, Lin Tian had used the Blood of Ruin, which, although it mainly countered holy attributes, weakened the opponent’s physical strength as well. 
It just needed some time. 
He had spent some time wearing him down. 
Sure enough, now his attacks could pierce the opponent’s body, albeit not deeply. 
But it was enough. 
He summoned the lightning! 
Crispy on the outside, tender on the inside! 
The Ironhorn Chief woke up with a jolt, “Impossible! My defense is broken?! What kind of weapon is that!” 
After the electric shock, his movements were sluggish, muscles paralyzed, organs failing. 
Continuing to fight, the outcome was uncertain. 
“Right, let’s see what I can steal from you.” Lin Tian’s lips curled into a smile. 
He activated Lucky Steal again. 
This guy had nothing on him, no equipment, so what he stole was probably useless. 
‘Congratulations, you’ve obtained the Ironhorn Chief’s wife!’ Lin Tian was dumbfounded, holding a heavy black object. 
He could barely hold it steady, 
A slightly smaller-than-average rhinoceros beetle. 
And it had a large belly, filled with many eggs. 
It was about to give birth. 
“Wife! What have you done, put my wife down!” 
Seeing this, the Ironhorn Chief was dumbfounded, shouting in anger. 
He charged madly, overflowing with killing intent! 
Lin Tian held the Spear of Zeus to the female rhinoceros beetle’s neck, “Stop, one more step and I’ll kill her on the spot!” 
“Don’t be impulsive, what do you want? I’ll let you go, is that enough?” The Ironhorn Chief, frightened, stopped, not daring to move rashly. 
In their tribe, the male rhinoceros beetles were responsible for fighting. 
Female rhinoceros beetles were like dung beetles, without long horns, and their shells weren’t very hard. 
Their combat strength was very low. 
Lin Tian could easily kill it. 
The Ironhorn Chief, both shocked and enraged, dared not do anything. 
This maneuver. 
Lin Tian was left speechless with shock as well. 
Lucky Steal was ridiculously overpowered! 
Only now did he realize that this skill was ‘conceptual’—he could steal anything that held deep emotional value to the target. 
Even their wife! 
Seeing the female rhinoceros beetle trembling in fear, its big eyes filled with terror, Lin Tian didn’t have the heart to kill it. 
In the past, he would have killed the female rhinoceros beetle first, enraged the Ironhorn Chief, and then looked for an opportunity to counterattack. 
But now he asked, “Earlier, you said humans deserve to be killed and spoke of revenge. What do you mean?” 
“You don’t know? Well, you are a goblin. 
Our Ironhorn Tribe has always endured silently, living in Oakwood Forest of about ten kilometers, never provoking others, advocating peace. 
We even often shared our winter acorns with the children of nearby villages who came to gather fruits. 
But humans, recently, infiltrated our camp and killed our children! How could I not be furious!” 
The Ironhorn Chief spoke, gritting his teeth, his entire body trembling! 
He was shaking with rage. 
Upon hearing this. 
Lin Tian could already confirm his suspicion. 
Someone was targeting the Dragon Slayer Guild, aiming to kill the One-Eyed Owl! 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 149: No More Words, Storm the Royal City, Seek Revenge! 
TL: Sungmin 
“Is that so? Then I can responsibly tell you, someone is framing you and us,” Lin Tian said. 
Right now, their enemy wasn’t this insect. 
It was those people behind it. 
Although he didn’t want to get involved in these matters, the One-Eyed Owl had gone this far and was still supposed to teach him the breathing technique. 
He had to keep her alive. 
The Ironhorn Chief was half-believing, lost in thought. 
Lin Tian said, “I’m also a monster; don’t you believe me?” 
He then scanned the surroundings with sharp eyes, quickly locking onto the treetops in the distance. 
Sure enough, someone was squatting there! 
“Over there! Quickly, have your tribe capture him!” 
Lin Tian pointed to the distance and tossed the female rhinoceros beetle aside. 
He gave chase. 
Seeing he was exposed, the man cursed under his breath and started to flee. 
Unfortunately, a few rhinoceros beetles flew towards him. 
With no way forward or backward, he unfolded mechanical wings and prepared to fly upward. 
Lin Tian quickly shot a string of poison elemental attacks, hitting his arm. 
The poison took effect rapidly in such a confined area. 
The man couldn’t flap his mechanical wings and fell from the sky. 
The Ironhorn Chief grabbed him like a chick, “Who are you? Were you the one who snuck in and killed our tribe’s children?” 
“Calm down, let me ask,” Lin Tian said, just about to speak. 
But he saw the man’s eyes turn hideous, bloodshot. 
He seemed to be in great pain. 
A strange worm crawled out of his mouth, turned, and burrowed into his nose, heading towards his brain. 
Lin Tian frowned, “Silencing?” 
Such a cliché situation was unacceptable. 
“What should we do?!” The Ironhorn Chief also sensed something was wrong. 
The man cried out in pain, “Save me! I don’t want to die! Don’t want to…” 
Lin Tian looked confident, “I have a way.” 
“Swish!” 
With a swift motion. 
His sharp nails, like razors, sliced off half of the man’s head. 
Blood splattered. 
The Ironhorn Chief was stunned, “What are you doing! Weren’t you going to save him?!” 
“Abnormal Fusion!” 
Lin Tian fused the man’s brain into his own body, beginning to read his memories. 
Generally, when he transformed into others, he didn’t want to read their memories. Absorbing too many memories at once could cause severe headaches. 
But he couldn’t worry about that now. 
“One of the three major noble families of the War Empire, the Landau family?” Lin Tian muttered darkly. 
From the memories, he learned that the man was instructed by the Landau family to do this. 
He then conveyed the obtained memories to the Ironhorn Chief. 
“In the end, it’s those damned humans! Let’s join forces and slaughter the humans, paving a new path for demons!” 
The Ironhorn Chief said, nostrils flaring with hot air! 
Honest and straightforward for so long, he had never thought of such a blood-boiling action. 
Lin Tian explained, “This isn’t the One-Eyed Owl’s fault; it’s the Landau family using her as a pawn.” 
Finally, the Ironhorn Chief calmed down. 
“What should I do? My tribe has suffered heavy casualties; I won’t rest until I kill this woman!” The Ironhorn Chief said with hatred. 
Indeed, hundreds of rhinoceros beetles had been smashed to pulp, many killed on the spot. 
Only about half of them were likely to survive. 
Lin Tian wouldn’t let her die just like that, “Are you stupid? Killing the One-Eyed Owl would mean helping the ones who killed your children. No matter how strong you are, do you dare to cause trouble in the War Empire’s royal palace?” 
“I…” 
The Ironhorn Chief was momentarily speechless. 
The pure-blooded Titan warriors of the War Empire were immensely powerful, capable of holding off tens of thousands. 
Moreover, the king was a war maniac. 
Even demons like him had heard of their strength. 
Going there would be suicidal. 
The Ironhorn Chief’s face was full of pain and unwillingness, “What should I do? We were just living peacefully, eating acorns, drinking tree sap, how did it come to this…” 
“Join forces with us. Then we can personally decapitate every member of the Landau family!” Lin Tian said. 
Hearing this, the Ironhorn Chief could only nod, “Alright, when do we act? I’ll seek revenge even if it means death! Let them know that the Ironhorn Tribe isn’t to be messed with!” 
“I’ll contact you when the time comes. For now, let’s go.” Lin Tian reverted to his youth, Andy’s form. 
He carried the severely injured and barely recognizable One-Eyed Owl, mounted his carnivorous horse, and slowly left. 
Along the way. 
Blood from the One-Eyed Owl kept dripping, covering Lin Tian’s entire body. 
“Damn it, this guy might really be dead.” 
If it weren’t for the faint breaths by his ear, he would have thought the One-Eyed Owl was already gone. 
He could only spur his horse to rush back to the Dragon Slayer Guild. 
“Osius! Grugia! Come and help!” 
At the entrance, Lin Tian didn’t care about anything else. He carried the One-Eyed Owl and charged inside. 
Hearing his voice, everyone rushed out. 
Seeing the One-Eyed Owl covered in blood and flesh, everyone’s hearts skipped a beat! 
Unbelievable! 
“Big Sis! Why is Big Sis like this!” 
“Hurry! Where are the healers! Save her quickly!” 
“What kind of monster left Big Sis on the brink of death!” 
Everyone was in a panic, scrambling. 
They laid the One-Eyed Owl on a table in the guildhall. 
Several who knew healing magic began treating her. 
Even Osius, who was skilled in healing, had a grim expression. “It’s no use; we don’t have anyone who knows world-class healing magic. Using super-tier magic can’t restore her skeletal structure.” 
“What about the super recovery potion? Is there none left?” Grugia asked the alchemist. 
The alchemist responded bitterly, “We used it up just yesterday. How could I possibly brew it so quickly?” 
“Then hurry up and brew it! As fast as you can!” 
Helpless, everyone could only keep the One-Eyed Owl’s breath going for now. 
They couldn’t heal her immediately. If her wounds were healed without addressing the skeletal damage, even the super recovery potion wouldn’t restore her bones. 
Seeing the One-Eyed Owl in such a miserable state, everyone felt deep sorrow and anger. 
“Damn it! The Ironhorn Tribe, right? Let’s go and wipe them out right now!” Osius was furious. 
Lin Tian stopped him, “It’s not as simple as you think, and it’s very complicated.” 
As he spoke, he glanced around for the wandering merchant. 
But there was no sign of him. 
Lin Tian frowned and asked, “Where is the wandering merchant from earlier? Where did he go? Bring him back immediately!” 
“What’s going on? Even if he provided the information, we can’t blame the informant.” Grugia asked, puzzled. 
He thought Lin Tian was blaming the merchant for causing the One-Eyed Owl’s condition. 
Lin Tian then revealed the memories he had obtained, “That guy was sent by the Landau family to kill Big Sis! 
The Landau family killed many Ironhorn Tribe offspring, making them hate humans. Then they had that wandering merchant provide the information. 
They wanted to use the Ironhorn Tribe to kill Big Sis!” 
Everyone was stunned upon hearing this. 
Osius pondered, “The Landau family? Isn’t that one of the three major noble families of the War Empire? They recently tried to buy the core dragon crystal but were refused!” 
“Didn’t expect those guys would play dirty since they didn’t dare confront us directly!” Grugia’s fists cracked with anger. 
He immediately waved, “Damn it, let’s go to the royal palace and kill those bastards!” 
Soon, 
The guild’s mages began preparing to activate the long-unused teleportation array. 
Previously, the War Empire had set up a teleportation point here to facilitate interaction and strengthen ties between the two forces. 
But all this time, no one from the Dragon Slayer Guild had ever visited the royal city. 
They were always drinking and having fun, only going on hunts when there was prey, settling disputes with drinking contests. 
At this moment. 
A man returned with the wandering merchant in tow. 
He threw the merchant to the ground, “Grugia, Osius, I brought him back!” 
“What are you doing? Don’t kill me, I didn’t lie, I saw the Ironhorn Tribe killing with my own eyes!” 
The wandering merchant curled up on the ground, feeling like his bones were about to break. 
The man who caught him back was full of rage, stomping and breaking his leg bone, “Hmph, still pretending? If you had nothing to hide, why did you secretly buy a carnivorous horse at a high price from a passerby and try to escape?” 
They had instructed the horse dealers not to sell to the wandering merchant, just to prevent his escape. 
So they allowed him to move freely within the city, knowing the guards at the gate would watch him. 
Seeing his plan exposed, the wandering merchant trembled in fear. 
He spilled everything, “Don’t kill me, the Landau family made me do it. I’m just a messenger, sob sob!” 
“Hmph, a messenger? I’ll make sure you never speak again!” 
Grugia, furious, pressed down on his mouth, pulling out a knife and growled, “Open your mouth!” 
“Mmm mmm mmm!” 
The wandering merchant clenched his teeth and shook his head rapidly. 
Osius delivered a heavy punch to his face. 
His mouth became a bloody mess, teeth shattered, unable to close his mouth. 
Grugia squeezed hard, and a bloody tongue stretched out. 
Swish! 
The knife gleamed coldly. 
A bloody chunk fell to the ground. 
The wandering merchant screamed in agony, his mouth like a fountain, blood gushing out. 
He was thrown onto the street. 
He writhed in pain on the ground. 
Soon, he bled out and went into shock. 
Biting his tongue to kill himself was unlikely, but with the blood clumping in his throat, he wouldn’t be able to breathe once in shock. 
Certain death. 
This was the fate of those who offended the Dragon Slayer Guild when they truly intended to kill. 
They killed humans far more efficiently than they killed monsters. 
“Kid, thank you for carrying Big Sis back in that situation!” 
In the hall, Grugia expressed his gratitude. 
Lin Tian felt a bit awkward and just nodded without saying much. 
At that moment. 
A magical beam shot into the sky! 
The mages had injected enough mana to activate the teleportation array. 
Osius waved and ordered, “Call back the guys on duty outside. We’re heading to the royal city to kill the nobles!” 
Everyone was busy, showing no sign that they were preparing for a bloodbath. 
Soon, forty members of the Dragon Slayer Guild gathered, excluding the ones who had died, like Stephen and the others. 
They had received word from Edward. 
They learned that the three brothers had died at the hands of the Goblin Empire. 
There had been no dragon. 
Out of respect for Edward’s status, they didn’t pursue the matter further, and it was considered closed. 
They had no plans for revenge. 
Firstly, dying to goblins was disgraceful enough. Secondly, the guild had no obligation to organize a revenge mission for voluntary hunting deaths. 
Most importantly, the three were gay and had poor relations with everyone. 
They had long wanted to kick them out. 
“Rookie, leave the hall and go take care of Big Sis in her room. We’ve received permission for the teleportation to the War Empire’s royal city.” Grugia stood in the purple light screen and spoke. 
Everyone was filled with fighting spirit. 
Knowing it was a mission of nine deaths and one life, not a single person hesitated or was absent! 
But as long as they could swiftly destroy the Landau family and exact their revenge, they would be satisfied. 
… 
You can read extra chapters at <a href="https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/">Etude Translations</a> linked to Patreon! <a href="https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/">https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/</a> 
Join our Discord! <a href="https://discord.gg/twRz58dUce">https://discord.gg/twRz58dUce</a> 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 150: Silent Slaughter! 
TL: Sungmin 
Lin Tian pondered. 
The life of the One-Eyed Owl had stabilized, so he didn’t worry about it dying and it didn’t need any special care. 
Therefore, he thought about tagging along to check out the commotion and understand the situation of the War Empire. 
However, going there might mean he wouldn’t come back. 
But if he just watched from the side, he probably wouldn’t get himself involved. 
Lin Tian also stepped into the teleportation light curtain. “Count me in!” 
Seeing this, Osius straightforwardly said, “Are you that stubborn? Last time you insisted on going back with Big Sis, and this time it’s much more serious. You’re likely to die in the royal city!” 
Even if they slaughtered the Landau family, they would be besieged by the War Empire. 
That’s why he said that. 
But Lin Tian still stepped in, jokingly saying, “I’m so weak, they definitely wouldn’t think I’m from the Dragon Slayer Guild. They shouldn’t kill me.” 
Though his tone was joking, it was indeed a plausible way to get out of trouble. 
And he believed no one from the Dragon Slayer Guild would give him away. 
So, it was okay to go. 
“You kid?!” 
“Hahaha, although you’re not very strong, I admire your courage!” 
“Alright, I’ll show you the world today! Later, you can boast about having broken into the War Empire’s royal city, haha!” 
The people with Grugia were slightly surprised but smiled in satisfaction. 
They teased Lin Tian, but this joke made them feel at ease, letting him follow along. 
Then, the teleportation began! 
A blinding light covered everyone’s sight, and their bodies felt as if they were being pulled out of this world, weightless, with a sense of falling. 
Those with weak hearts shouldn’t try it easily. 
Before them lay a vast, empty land, the dusk light spreading across the horizon, gilding the world with a layer of gold. 
Lin Tian looked around. 
He found himself already on a tall tower. 
There were many soldiers guarding the place, along with mages in black cloaks. 
This was one of the teleportation points in the War Empire’s royal city. 
“Welcome, members of the Dragon Slayer Guild! What brings so many of you here at once?” The captain of the soldiers smiled, but his left hand remained on the long sword at his waist. 
Grugia smiled politely, “Locke, long time no see.” 
“Marquis Grugia, long time no see!” Captain Locke immediately stood at attention and bowed. 
Hearing this, Grugia just gave a dry laugh. “Heh, I’m no longer a marquis. Alright, I’m here to shop with the guild members. You can go about your business.” 
Then, he led the group away from the teleportation point and headed into the city. 
The captain didn’t say much more. 
Due to Grugia’s former status, he didn’t send anyone to follow them. 
This city was much larger than Lion King City, with many grand buildings and a rich historical atmosphere. 
Bell towers, temples, and more. 
The streets were bustling with people of all kinds. 
The familiar calls of street vendors felt quite endearing. 
Following the team, Lin Tian couldn’t help but step forward and ask, “Brother, that captain just now called you a marquis? Are you a noble of this country?” 
Noble titles ranged from viscount, baron, count, marquis, to duke. 
A duke was the highest, equivalent to a prince, just below the king. 
However, it was just a noble status, not a position. 
Military positions included commanders, knight captains, captains, and so on. 
These were actual positions. 
Hearing this, Grugia’s face turned gloomy, and he didn’t answer. 
Osius, beside him, explained cheerfully, “Surprised, huh? He was indeed a noble of the War Empire before, but after the Titan Experiment Plan failed, he became despondent. 
After witnessing Big Sis’s elegant hunting of monsters, he pulled himself together and joined the Dragon Slayer Guild.” 
Lin Tian looked bewildered. “Titan Experiment Plan?” 
“The War Empire unearthed a piece of ancient titan remains and, with the help of alchemists and mages, created a forbidden magic, the ‘Titan Gene Magic Array,’ to conduct titan modification experiments on humans. 
Those who underwent the modification either died or gained varying degrees of titan genes. The stronger the genes, the greater the power, resulting in a drastic change in strength. 
Grugia, here, spent his entire fortune, and his family was persecuted to death by his rivals, to secure a spot for the modification. Unfortunately, he failed. Otherwise, he would’ve been quite prestigious, possibly a duke by now.” Osius spoke with a heavy tone. 
He felt sorry for him too. 
Though they usually teased each other without care, he was considerate about this matter since Grugia had lost his family. 
Grugia self-deprecatingly laughed. “What marquis or duke? It’s much more comfortable living in the guild. Drink when you want to drink, fight when you want to fight, and be accompanied by beauties like Big Sis. So much more enjoyable, hahaha!” 
“You! Only dare to boast when Big Sis is resting.” Osius retorted, exasperated. 
The group started teasing him. 
Lin Tian found it hard to believe they were heading towards a battle to the death! 
No one was scared at all. 
Seeing that everyone was about to lose their temper, Grugia said sternly, “Enough, we’re almost at the Landau family’s palace. Everyone, stay alert.” 
Soon. 
The group arrived in front of a magnificent palace. 
Lin Tian couldn’t help but feel that his own palace was rather shabby in comparison, not as grand as this noble’s mansion! 
The gate alone was made of pure white marble, standing ten meters high and seven meters wide! 
The courtyard walls were made of finely polished, milky white stone bricks. 
Even through the walls, he could see the varied rooftops of numerous buildings inside. 
It was at least an entire complex! 
It was hard to believe it belonged to just one family! 
Grugia and the others could hardly contain their anger. “Rookie, stay back. We’re about to get down to business!” 
“Open the door!!!” 
Immediately, Osius began pounding on the massive marble gate with all his might. 
A thunderous noise echoed. 
Lin Tian nodded and climbed onto the rooftop of a nearby building. 
He saw a man running towards the gate from inside. 
“Boom!!” 
Suddenly, the gate was forcibly pushed down by Grugia and the others, crushing the man who was trying to open it into a pulp! 
The massive gate fell, raising a cloud of dust that obscured the view of the courtyard. 
Inside the splendid palace, more than ten people rushed out, their faces filled with confusion. 
But the chaotic dust made it impossible for them to see what was happening. 
In the next second. 
Grugia dashed through the fountain in the center of the courtyard like a meteor, appearing beside those people. 
“You!” 
The group hadn’t even reacted. 
Blood sprayed onto the threshold, flowing down the steps to the courtyard. 
Grugia’s spear in his hand cut through the group like slicing vegetables, leaving them all in pieces. 
With his face covered in blood, he charged inside, shouting, “Duke Landau! Come out and die!!!” 
“Kill!” 
The members of the Dragon Slayer Guild behind him went berserk, killing anyone they saw. 
If they didn’t see anyone, they destroyed buildings. 
In an instant, flames and explosions erupted everywhere! 
The nearby residents and passersby around the Landau family palace fled in panic. 
Time was of the essence. 
Grugia and his group, driven mad by bloodlust, didn’t give anyone in the palace a chance to speak. 
Anyone they saw was chopped into pieces. 
Outside, no one could tell that a massive slaughter was taking place inside. 
Because not a single scream was heard. 
Only the wind carried the thick scent of blood away. 
… 
You can read extra chapters at <a href="https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/">Etude Translations</a> linked to Patreon! <a href="https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/">https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/</a> 
Join our Discord! <a href="https://discord.gg/twRz58dUce">https://discord.gg/twRz58dUce</a> 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 151: Fischer, Demon King! 
“You! What are you doing? Why are you attacking us?” 
“We are nobles! Stop this!” 
“Help, where are the soldiers? Someone save me!” 
Inside the magnificent palace, the stronger members of the Landau family could manage a few last words, but even here, their voices could not carry beyond these walls. There was only the massacre at hand. 
“Ah! Let go! What are you doing?” 
Grugia grabbed a blonde woman’s hair and tossed her from the second floor of the palace hall. The woman screamed in pain; she was none other than the wife of Duke Landau. 
At the same time, Osius and the others dragged out several men and women from the rooms, some young, some old. They were all members of the Landau family—children, parents, elders—who were thrown from the second floor like garbage. 
One by one, their weak bodies either broke bones or lost consciousness upon impact. But without exception, they were all terrified to the core, trembling uncontrollably! 
Landau’s father suddenly recognized Grugia and shouted, “Grugia? What are you doing? The Empire won’t let you get away with this!” 
“What am I doing? I’m making sure you die knowing exactly why! You should never have plotted to kill Elizabeth Tilly!” 
Grugia spoke with a ferocious expression, standing above them. Fresh blood from the Landau family still warm on his face, emanated a strong aura of death that struck fear into the hearts of those below. They knew they were going to die. 
Members of the Dragon Slayer Guild stood on the second floor, glaring down at them with extreme hatred. Though none of them could match the One-Eyed Owl, as followers, they had long been prepared to give their lives for her. 
Below, a child let out a piercing cry, perhaps sensing the imminent threat of death. A woman hurriedly held the child close, trembling with fear. Despair, helplessness, and deep regret filled the air. 
“Ahhhh… I told you we shouldn’t have provoked the Dragon Slayer Guild, why did you insist on doing it!!” Landau’s father cried out in agony, his sagging, wrinkled face trembling. 
He quickly turned his head and pleaded, “Grugia, we can help you restore your Marquis title if you just spare us, please?” 
“Hmph.” Grugia only snorted coldly, then turned his head and asked, “Have you found Landau yet?” 
“Not yet, it seems… he’s not here at all,” Osius and the others replied in a panic, having searched the entire palace. 
Grugia frowned and looked down. “Tell me where Landau is, and I’ll give you a quick death.” 
“Madman! This is the royal city!” Landau’s wife screamed. 
Grugia did not respond. “I’ll ask you one last time…” 
“Please, if you can spare…” 
Landau’s father knelt on the ground, but before he could finish his plea, a sharp dagger was thrown down, piercing his skull with precision. His body collapsed like a machine that had lost its command. 
Landau’s wife watched as blood flowed from the wound, streaming out between the dagger and her husband’s skull. She screamed in terror. 
“Thud!” 
Another dagger was thrown, killing her instantly. 
“Swish, swish, swish!” 
The members of the Dragon Slayer Guild furiously hurled daggers, turning the people below into pincushions. They died in agony, writhing in their own foul-smelling blood. 
The scene on the first floor of the palace resembled hell itself. Cold daggers stuck out from the twisted corpses strewn everywhere. Blood flowed across the hall’s floor and out the door. 
Yet, even this failed to satisfy the Dragon Slayer Guild members’ thirst for vengeance. 
Grugia’s expression darkened. “Landau isn’t here. We’ve lost our chance…” 
They had acted too impulsively, failing to confirm his whereabouts beforehand. Now, there was no chance to kill him; soldiers would soon surround them. 
Osius, still burning with rage and covered in the blood of the Landau family, gritted his teeth and said, “So what! Wherever he is, we’ll hunt him down! The War Empire won’t react fast enough to stop us!” 
“That’s right! As long as we’re avenging the Boss, dying on the path of vengeance is worth it!” 
“Hahaha, I’ve been a dead man for a long time. The only thing driving me is killing!” 
“From the moment I joined the Dragon Slayer Guild, I never expected to die peacefully!” 
The others spoke in agreement, unfazed. 
With that, Grugia unleashed a powerful aura, “Alright, alright! You guys head out first, I’m going to destroy this palace!” 
His muscles began to twitch and swell, his body rapidly growing in size. In the blink of an eye, he burst through the entire palace, standing over twenty meters tall! 
His muscles swelled all over his body. Though he had been bald, now brown, unruly hair sprouted along with a thick beard. He looked a bit like a rugged Viking. This was the effect brought about by the Titan gene. 
With a single wave of his hand, he smashed the luxurious palace into ruins! 
Upon seeing this, a squad of patrolling soldiers hurried over. But when they realized it was a Titan causing the destruction, they turned and fled in terror, only able to call for the soldier captain. 
“Marquis Grugia! What are you doing? Stop this at once!” the soldier captain shouted from the rooftop of a tall building, his expression grave. However, his words did nothing to halt Grugia. 
Grugia ignored him entirely. “We’re leaving, let’s go find that bastard Landau!” 
“Ah!!! My palace! My family!” A pitiful cry rang out at that moment. 
Landau appeared on the street, dressed in a gray-black formal suit, looking to be in his late thirties or early forties. The scene before him nearly broke him completely. He clutched his long red hair with both hands, collapsing to the ground, weeping in utter despair. 
He had just gone to the royal palace for some business, never imagining that his home would be attacked while he was away—and by people he knew. 
Landau stood up, gnashing his teeth. “Grugia! I’m going to kill you!!!” 
“Hmm?!” Upon hearing this, Grugia’s expression shifted, the sound he made rumbling like thunder, echoing through the surroundings. He slowly turned his head. 
When he saw that it was Landau, he raged, “Long time no see, Your Grace. You want to kill me? We of the Dragon Slayer Guild will make sure you die first!” 
“Why! Why did you kill my entire family?!” Landau screamed in agony, tearing out clumps of his own hair. 
Osius and the others immediately surrounded him. “Why? Because you dared to harm our Boss, so you have to die!” 
For a moment, Landau froze, surprised that he had been exposed. Then he let out a crazed laugh. “Hmph, a bunch of unruly savage lunatics. The empire has long wanted to deal with you. Now it seems they’ve succeeded, huh…” 
“You’re sorely mistaken. Our Boss is doing just fine!” Osius coldly stared him down. 
Landau’s brow furrowed. “What? Those useless Ironhorns… But with how crazed you all are, that woman must be crippled by now, right? Hahaha!” 
Hearing his laugh, Osius and the others could no longer contain their anger. They prepared to rush forward and tear him apart on the spot. 
But just then, they felt a terrifying power erupt in the distance! 
“Sizzle, sizzle!!!” 
Golden lightning descended from the sky, accompanied by the deafening roars of Titan giants! 
Three giants charged from the distant street, each towering over Grugia by several meters, but otherwise sharing similar features. 
These were the War Empire’s three perfect Titan warriors! 
Lin Tian looked up, and a powerful visual impact struck his mind. They were massive! Every step they took caused the ground to quake, and he could even see the fine details of their skin, the raised blood vessels, and the paths where their blood flowed. 
Landau stood before the three Titan giants, arms outstretched, his expression twisted with triumphant glee. He laughed maniacally, “Kekekeke! I will survive this with a smile on my face, and you all… will die!” 
He was utterly arrogant. Having lost everything—his family dead, his palace destroyed—he had gone mad. Now, all he wanted was to watch Osius and the others be slaughtered. 
“Roar!” At that moment, Grugia let out a furious roar and charged at the three giants, each of whom was a head taller than he was. 
“Bang!” He was instantly sent flying hundreds of meters away by a single kick, crushing a large swath of houses beneath him. It was clear he wouldn’t last long. 
Osius and the others shouted, “Kill that bastard!” 
“Ultimate Combat Skill · White Night Specter!” 
In an instant, Osius’s body began to blur, or rather, flicker rapidly. In the blink of an eye, he had charged right up to Landau. 
“World-Class Magic Tool · Fischer’s Death Eye!” 
Landau showed no fear, pulling out a crimson eye that unleashed a powerful black and red lightning, blasting Osius away. 
Moreover, the eye flew into the air, scanning the surroundings with eerie precision. It locked onto the numerous members of the Dragon Slayer Guild and began unleashing torrents of black blood-red lightning in a relentless assault! 
Anyone who entered its range would be automatically targeted, with no escape. Even long-range magic attacks were blocked or deflected. 
Osius’s expression turned grim. “Damn it, why does he have Fischer’s Eye? Is the Imperial family really pulling out all the stops?!” 
Fischer had been a Demon King-level powerhouse who once ruled over a region. It had taken a coalition of multiple nations to finally bring him down. Most of his body parts had been forged into magic tools, and this eye was one of them. 
“Come on then, without world-class skills, you think you can kill me? Dream on! Grugia will soon be dead, and then, you’ll all be crushed as well!” 
Landau sneered coldly, his eyes filled with contempt and arrogance. Meanwhile, Osius and the others were at a loss, seething with rage but feeling helpless. 
Suddenly, Osius steeled himself and shouted, “Everyone, if you’re tired of drinking contests, let’s see who can smash his head to bits first!” 
Without a second thought, he charged into the range of the Death Eye’s attacks! 
“Sizzle!” 
The scorching lightning burned and pierced Osius’s skin, shocking every inch of his body. The intense resistance made it nearly impossible to move forward. In just a few seconds, his clothes were reduced to ash, and his skin became charred and twisted, a sight too horrific to behold. 
“Damn it! There’s no way I’m letting you steal all the glory!” 
“If I can’t outdrink you, I sure as hell can outfight you! Charge!” 
“Hold up! Don’t rush ahead and die before us, would you? Hahaha!” 
A group of them, driven by madness, followed Osius’s lead! 
Countless bolts of lightning surged, turning the entire sky blood-red, creating an eerie and sinister atmosphere! 
Landau laughed disdainfully, “Perfect, I can wipe out you lunatics, you trash, all at once!” 
He felt a surge of twisted satisfaction, reveling in his perceived victory as the world-class magic tool decimated his foes. 
But from a distant rooftop, Lin Tian smiled coldly, pulling out the Spear of Zeus. “So you’re that good with a world-class magic tool? I prefer the most primitive method.” 
As luck would have it, a half-moon class magic tool could shatter a world-class one.<br/>
… 
You can read extra chapters at <a href="https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/">Etude Translations</a> linked to Patreon! <a href="https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/">https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/</a> 
Join our Discord! <a href="https://discord.gg/twRz58dUce">https://discord.gg/twRz58dUce</a> 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 152: The Greatest Saint: Joan of Arc! 
“Big Sis… It seems I won’t be able to help you kill this guy. But I believe you’ll be able to finish him off yourself later!” 
Osius’s entire body was charred black, barely holding on. He was staggering. 
The others were not in much better shape, some even worse. Their strongest had only a little over 9000 combat power, while Landau, despite just being a noble, had reached 9900 under the Death Eye’s enhancement. 
Moreover, the Death Eye was like a high-output, fixed artillery. Trying to withstand it head-on without enough combat power would only lead to a pointless death. 
If they hadn’t been pressed for time, Osius and his team could have slowly worn him down, potentially even killing him without injury. 
But for people like them, they didn’t care about such things. 
“Kekeke! You want to kill me? I love watching you all fail to kill me, only to get killed yourselves! Fools! A bunch of fools marching to their death!” 
Landau laughed maniacally, pointing at the members of the Dragon Slayer Guild. 
Bzzz… 
Whoosh! 
Suddenly. 
A blinding white lightning bolt exploded in the sky! 
The brilliance it emitted even overshadowed the blood-red light of the Death Eye. 
It was as if a thunderclap had torn through the darkness. 
Buzz! 
The deafening explosion echoed above Landau’s head, leaving him dizzy and disoriented. 
His heart trembled as he quickly looked up, “Wh-what’s happening?!” 
Crack! 
The Death Eye was covered in countless cracks before it shattered! 
Scarlet energy scattered everywhere, and the entire eye turned to ash. 
Landau looked around in disbelief, “Who! Who the hell did this?!” 
At that moment, he began to panic. 
Osius glanced toward Lin Tian from afar. He had noticed that the attack had come from that direction. But after a moment’s thought, he dismissed the idea and refocused on the situation in front of him. “Heh, what can you do now?” 
Even though they were all severely injured, with so many of them, even a flurry of fists would be enough to beat him to death! 
The Dragon Slayer Guild members all rushed forward, too exhausted to use their skills, resorting instead to bare-knuckle brawling and biting! 
Their adrenaline surged, giving them unprecedented strength. 
Landau struggled with all his might but couldn’t resist, “Aaaaah! Stop! Stop biting me!” 
The sound of flesh tearing from the body, accompanied by his screams, echoed endlessly. 
Boom! 
At that moment, a massive body collapsed next to Osius and his group. 
It was Grugia, covered in wounds, forcibly reverting to his original form. 
Osius hurriedly checked on him, “He’s still breathing…” 
But he couldn’t find any joy in it. 
Turning around, he saw three men with bulging muscles and a strong, imposing presence walking toward them. 
Some had disdain on their faces; others were calm and unbothered. 
They were none other than the perfect Titan warriors who had also reverted to their original forms. 
‘Patrick.’ 
‘Bowers.’ 
‘Santuelan.’ 
These top fighters of the kingdom possessed 99% pure Titan genes. 
They could transform into giants at any moment, unleashing tremendous destructive power. 
Patrick, with a cigarette in his mouth, sneered, “Well, Grugia, that spot you fought so hard to win, how did you end up a failure? Your parents and kids all died for nothing, hahaha!” 
He was the one who had competed with Grugia for the spot, even plotting to kill his entire family. 
Later, because Grugia failed, he was chosen instead as an exception. 
And he became a perfect warrior. 
Grugia, heavily injured and supported by others, was furious yet powerless, his eyes bloodshot. “You!” 
“Shh, don’t get too worked up. I’m afraid you might just die like this. Otherwise, all the wealth you spent and your family’s deaths would be in vain.” 
Patrick continued to mock. 
The other two Titan warriors also joined in with loud laughter. 
Lin Tian watched from a distance. 
These guys had pure strength, no special skills, only the ability to Titanize. 
But their overall combat power was a staggering 10,001! 
And they weren’t even wearing any armor or wielding weapons. 
No wonder Osius and the others didn’t dare to act recklessly or even make a sound. 
Because they knew, their death was imminent… 
“K-kill them…” 
At this moment, a voice came from the ground, from a person riddled with holes and drenched in blood. 
It was Landau. 
The intense pain made his body tremble uncontrollably. His nerves were constantly searching for the missing muscles, and the remaining few threads of red muscle on his wounds twitched. 
If it were anyone else, they would have longed for death to escape the pain. 
But he still wanted to live! He wanted to see the Dragon Slayer Guild wiped out with his own eyes! 
Osius and the others didn’t bother with that guy for now. After all, even if he survived, he would be a cripple forever. 
Upon hearing Landau’s order, Patrick frowned. “Useless trash, are you giving us orders?” 
Landau opened his mouth, revealing two rows of teeth where his lips used to be, but he couldn’t speak. 
Patrick glanced around casually. “I seem to recall that His Majesty said anyone threatening the safety of the royal city can be killed on the spot, right? These guys are all dangerous, aren’t they?” 
Osius’s lips twitched. He didn’t know what to do next, but a deep sense of satisfaction filled his heart. At least they had avenged the One-Eyed Owl. The rest didn’t matter. Even if they died at their hands, the One-Eyed Owl would come for revenge later. Not one of them would escape. 
“Hey! Want to survive, you piece of trash?” Patrick flicked the cigarette butt he was holding at Grugia’s forehead. 
He had no intention of sparing them. He was just toying with them. 
Grugia was on the verge of losing consciousness, unable to speak. 
Osius prepared to make a desperate stand. Even if he couldn’t win, he wanted to die fighting. 
“This is getting boring. Kill them all,” Patrick said with a roll of his eyes, ready to strike. 
Just as tension mounted on both sides, the sound of hoofbeats echoed from the street corner. 
A group of soldiers in armor approached, led by a young woman riding a white horse. She was dignified, elegant, and exuded a holy aura. 
She was full of heroic spirit, clean and sharp. Though she looked under twenty, she had the presence of a leader—no, she was a leader. 
Seeing this group, even the arrogant and reckless Patrick quickly performed a salute. “Greetings, Your Majesty, the Great Joan of Arc…” 
“What’s going on here? I just arrived, and it’s already so lively?” asked the young woman, who was none other than the legendary Saint Joan of Arc. 
She had led an uprising of oppressed slaves, toppling one of the super empires, the ‘Solon Dynasty,’ and established a kingdom advocating freedom and equality. 
But it wasn’t just her beauty that captivated people; her brilliance lay elsewhere. She was hailed as the youngest and greatest military strategist, politician, and thinker, and, of course, a queen. 
Though not the youngest ruler—some puppet states had children as young as a few years old as kings—in terms of military and political acumen, no super empire dared to underestimate her. At a young age, she could sit at the same table with the kings of great empires, conversing as an equal. 
She was a living legend. 
“Welcome to Twilight City, Your Majesty, the Great Joan of Arc!” 
At that moment, a chariot blazing with heat waves and the sound of clashing steel approached from the sky. 
Yes, this chariot was flying, with scorching flames spewing from its rear—a world-class magical artifact. 
The person who arrived was the king of the War Empire, ‘Alexander.’ 
He was dressed in a heavy royal robe, a crown on his head shining brilliantly in the light of dusk. Despite appearing in his fifties or sixties, he was full of enthusiasm. 
Stepping down from the chariot, he extended his hand. “Your Majesty Joan of Arc, I apologize for inviting you here only to have you encounter such incidents.” 
Joan of Arc gracefully extended her alabaster arm as she dismounted her horse, her curiosity piqued. “Can you explain? How could something like this happen in Twilight City?” 
Alexander cast a cold glance at Patrick. “What’s going on?” 
“I-I’m not entirely sure,” Patrick replied with his head lowered, respectful like a child caught in a misdeed. 
At that moment, Alexander noticed the weakened Grugia. “Hmm? I don’t recall us provoking the Dragon Slayer Guild.” 
As he looked around at the speechless group, growing increasingly irritated, Lin Tian’s voice broke the silence. “Hahaha, greetings, Your Majesty. Here’s what happened: our Dragon Slayer Guild has no grudge against the empire, but Duke Landau plotted to kill our guild leader, which led to this incident.” 
Hearing this, Alexander’s expression darkened, but he quickly grasped the situation. Of course, he would never have ordered Landau to do such a thing. As the king of a great empire, he wasn’t so base and shameless. 
“My apologies, Your Majesty Joan of Arc. It seems you’ve been made to witness a farce. Guards, arrest all of them…” 
Before he could finish, Joan of Arc’s deep, golden eyes filled with compassion. “Your Majesty Alexander, since the Dragon Slayer Guild was only seeking justice, let’s consider the matter resolved.” 
She valued freedom and equality, always acting according to principles of reason and emotion. The Dragon Slayer Guild had been wronged by the Landau family; it was only right for them to seek revenge. Now that the revenge had been exacted, the matter should be put to rest. 
“Hmm… Since Your Majesty Joan of Arc says so, then you may all disperse,” Alexander said, pausing only slightly before speaking cheerfully. 
He had gone to great lengths to invite Joan of Arc for a collaboration, so naturally, he needed to show some respect. 
Hearing this, Osius and his team were left a bit bewildered, unable to fully comprehend what had just happened. 
Could they really leave here alive? 
Alexander had arrived, after all. Causing such a commotion on his turf and even wiping out a major noble family—this was no small matter. 
Lin Tian gave a quick glance to his comrades. “What are you standing around for? Let’s go!” 
If he hadn’t been quick-witted, realizing that Joan of Arc might be a chance for salvation and stepping forward to explain the situation, they might have all been executed with a single order. Even with the name of the One-Eyed Owl, Alexander, as the king of such a vast empire, wouldn’t have hesitated to act. 
On the ground, the dying Landau’s eyes were filled with rage, bulging as if they were about to pop out of their sockets. He was unwilling to accept this! 
The Dragon Slayer Guild was just going to walk away like that? Did that mean his family’s deaths were for nothing? And he himself wouldn’t live much longer. But he didn’t even have the strength left to speak. 
“Thank you, Your Majesty Joan of Arc! I will never forget your great kindness. I wonder if there’s a way to contact you so I can repay you in the future.” 
Lin Tian bowed deeply, attempting to mimic a human gesture by kneeling on one knee, and took hold of her fair arm. He kissed it lightly, feeling as if a flood of warmth and peace washed over his mind. He thought, “Ah… what a delightful taste.” 
Seeing that Lin Tian was holding on a bit too long, Joan of Arc felt a bit awkward. “Um, sir, there’s no need for repayment. It was simply the right thing to do.” 
“Well then, until we meet again.” 
Only then did Lin Tian rise, quickly gathering Osius and the others to leave. 
… 
AN: Thank you to Big Orange for the Great God Certification!!! I got chewed out by my boss today, so there will be an extra chapter tomorrow!!! Everyone, please support with some love! Even a penny is my motivation, I beg you! 
You can read extra chapters at <a href="https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/">Etude Translations</a> linked to Patreon! <a href="https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/">https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/</a> 
Join our Discord! <a href="https://discord.gg/twRz58dUce">https://discord.gg/twRz58dUce</a> 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 153: These Two Guys Are No Good 
“That person… gives me a very strange feeling…” 
Watching Lin Tian walk away, a trace of confusion appeared on Joan of Arc’s pure, fair face. 
She felt something was off but couldn’t quite put her finger on it. 
Alexander, having regained his composure, said, “Get this mess cleaned up immediately. Your Majesty, Joan of Arc, please come with me. Everyone is already waiting for you.” 
“My apologies…” 
Joan of Arc offered an apologetic smile. 
She followed him to the War Hall to attend the Demon King Subjugation Council. 
Since they had killed Fischer and used the materials obtained to create various magical artifacts, they had developed a taste for it. 
Now, they planned to continue subjugating other Demon Kings. 
The loot from these battles would not only solidify their empire’s position but could even allow them to catch up with those semi-divine nations. 
However, to subdue a Demon King-level boss, the involvement of Joan of Arc, who possessed semi-divine blood, was necessary. 
This was the only way they stood a chance. 
It was also the only way they could maintain ties with a semi-divine bloodline ruler. 
… 
On the way back. 
Lin Tian, supporting the weak Grugia, couldn’t help but ask, “Brothers, who was that Joan of Arc just now? What’s her background?” 
“Huh? You don’t know about Saint Joan of Arc? She’s an incredibly great person.” 
Osius, also helping to support Grugia, replied in surprise. 
In this continent, who hadn’t heard of Joan of Arc? 
Someone began explaining, “Legend has it that she’s the child of the main god Athena, born on earth; otherwise, there’s no way she could have achieved so much.” 
“She led an army of three thousand slaves and gradually dismantled the Solon Empire, which had a million elite soldiers. Truly a miracle of war.” 
“So young, with an unprecedented level of awareness, she established a nation of freedom and equality, without a single noble or clan.” 
“Nineteen years old! When I was nineteen, I was still practicing slow hand movements, while she was already leading troops and founding an empire. How shameful!” 
Everyone sighed, full of admiration for her. 
Osius added, “Kid, it was thanks to your quick thinking earlier that Joan of Arc took pity on us. By the way, did you see who unleashed that powerful lightning attack?” 
At these words, everyone pricked up their ears. 
Thinking back, without that lightning attack, they might all have been dead. 
Lin Tian quickly shook his head, “Did it? I didn’t see any lightning earlier.” 
No matter what, he was still a goblin and could never truly integrate into human society. 
Once the One-Eyed Owl’s wounds healed, and he learned her combat techniques, it would be time to leave this place. 
Developing his Goblin Empire was the most important thing. 
… 
Time passed quickly, and two days later. 
The One-Eyed Owl was still lying in bed, her breathing weak. 
Her injuries were too severe. 
Lin Tian felt somewhat guilty, “Still not better with the super healing potion?” 
“That stuff is very difficult to concoct. Several alchemists haven’t slept, and Osius is also helping. It requires more than three hundred ingredients and nineteen refining processes just to make one bottle.” Grugia said heavily. 
His injuries were just ordinary external wounds, and he had recovered quickly. He was fine now. 
Lin Tian also furrowed his brow. It wasn’t just sympathy for the One-Eyed Owl; staying here wasn’t getting him anywhere. 
On the sickbed. 
The One-Eyed Owl’s delicate, valiant face was quietly resting, her eyes closed. 
A few strands of hair partially covered her face. 
Her body was wrapped in bandages. 
Since arriving here, this might have been the most peaceful she had ever been. 
“They’re here! Move aside, quickly!” 
At this moment, Osius’s hurried voice came from outside the door. 
He rushed in, holding an alchemical cauldron, not caring about the heat. 
Seeing this, everyone quickly stepped back. 
Grugia frowned, “So fast?” 
“Skipping the preservation and bottling steps speeds things up a lot. Give me a hand and pour the potion over her wounds.” 
Osius, panting heavily, explained. 
In the cauldron, which was over three meters wide, a faint red glow shimmered. 
The entire room was filled with the scent of the potion. 
Lin Tian and Grugia began unwrapping the bandages on the One-Eyed Owl, revealing her wounds. 
They lifted the alchemical cauldron together and started pouring the potion onto the wounds. 
They mainly focused on the injured areas: her arms, ankles, waist, and so on. 
“What’s going on? There’s only that little bit?” 
Lin Tian remarked, expecting there to be much more. 
But it was less than a mouthful of water. 
Osius snapped, “What do you know? This is already the amount of ten super recovery potions.” 
Immediately, the One-Eyed Owl’s entire body began to glow with a red starlight. 
The once blurry fists began to regenerate muscle and bone! 
In an instant, she looked almost as good as new, perhaps even more delicate! 
In no time, it was as if she had been restored to her original state. 
However, the potion had no effect on consciousness. 
They believed she would wake up soon. 
Everyone kept vigil by the bedside, their eyes fixed intently on her. 
Gradually. 
That beautiful eye slowly opened, curiously taking in the surroundings. 
“Whoosh!” 
Suddenly, the One-Eyed Owl sprang up like a zombie, her demeanor cautious. “You bastards, showing your true colors now? Planning to take advantage of me while I was unconscious?!” 
“Today, I’ll beat all of you until you can’t stand again!!!” As she spoke, the One-Eyed Owl prepared to strike, raising her fist. 
Grugia quickly retreated in fear, “Hey, hey, why are you hitting me first? Big Sis, you’ve misunderstood! We just used a super recovery potion on you and were waiting for you to wake up!” 
“Yeah, we wouldn’t dare make a move on you even if we had ten times the courage.” 
“Innocent, we swear…” 
Upon hearing this. 
The One-Eyed Owl looked at her fully restored limbs and finally believed them. “Where are those bugs?! I need to go finish them off!” 
“Big Sis, things aren’t as you think. You were framed by the Landau family.” Osius quickly explained. 
Then, he looked toward Lin Tian. 
Lin Tian recounted the entire situation, including how they had gone to Twilight City to wipe out the Landau family. 
However, he left out the part about his fight with the Ironhorn Chieftain. 
The One-Eyed Owl patted Lin Tian, “I see. Thanks for that; I was almost taken out back then. That feeling, hahaha! It was exhilarating!!!” 
“Huh?” This left Lin Tian somewhat confused. He asked in bewilderment, “What do you mean?” 
“Didn’t expect you to have another trick up your sleeve. I almost thought I was going to be killed.” The One-Eyed Owl said as she rubbed her growling stomach. “Where’s the food? I’m starving! Go get me something to eat!” 
“Oh! Right away!” The group dispersed in a hurry. 
Lin Tian, however, felt something was off, “You were…” 
“I was still conscious back then, just a bit muddled.” The One-Eyed Owl said, but she acted as if it was no big deal, quickly tidying up to head to the guild hall. 
She left behind a deeply conflicted Lin Tian. 
Damn, I didn’t expect to be exposed like this. I underestimated this woman’s resilience, thinking she was completely out cold. 
He quickly called out to her, “Big Sis, so you…” 
The One-Eyed Owl glanced back at him, “So what? Don’t worry. In the Dragon Slayer Guild, we don’t care if you’re a demon or a monster. As long as you’re accepted, you can join. Some members even have demi-human blood running through their veins.” 
“Grugia, that bald guy—strictly speaking, he isn’t human either; he’s a Titan.” 
With that, she casually walked away. 
The table was already filled with delicious dishes. 
But the One-Eyed Owl first headed for the beer barrel, poured herself a large mug, and downed it in one gulp! 
She looked at everyone, “What are you all standing around for? Aren’t we going to celebrate my resurrection?” 
“Oh, right, right! Everyone, drink to your heart’s content!” Grugia, stunned for a moment, excitedly brought out a large number of cups. 
Osius ran outside again, instructing the restaurant owner to bring in more dishes. 
The group split into several tables, holding their beer, ready to start eating. 
Grugia looked around, “Hmm? Where’s that rookie? Such a noob, not even eager for food.” 
He said, getting up to look for Lin Tian. 
The One-Eyed Owl, however, said, “You all eat. I’ll go get him.” 
She headed to the guild square but didn’t go toward the dormitory area. Instead, she leapt onto the rooftops. 
With a few quick steps, she darted through the sprawling buildings. 
She arrived at the city wall. 
She shouted coldly, “Hey! Where do you think you’re going, kid? I just came back to life and am celebrating. You’re ignoring that? Want to die?” 
“Crack, crack…” 
Her fists clenched, making a crackling sound. 
Lin Tian paused slightly, stopping in his tracks. 
His identity was already exposed, and even though the One-Eyed Owl had said what she did earlier, he still intended to leave. 
He thought of this outing as an opportunity to gather information about the War Empire. 
And also about Saint Joan of Arc. 
“Big Sis, I’m different from you all. If you knew my true identity… I think we’ll meet again on the battlefield in the future.” 
Lin Tian said, his eyes filled with a heavy burden. 
Though they were labeled as lunatics by humans, they were still human in the end. 
Their values and worldviews were different. 
And when ideologies clash, conflict is inevitable. 
However, the One-Eyed Owl burst into wild laughter, “Ha ha ha! You brat, who are you talking to? Meet me on the battlefield? Pfft!” 
“You think I’m weak? If you’d told me earlier that you could fend for yourself, I would’ve flattened that bug tribe long ago!” 
“I don’t care who you are or what your identity is, but for now, you’re still a member of the Dragon Slayer Guild. So come back and have a drink with me! Tonight, I’m going to drink you under the table!” 
Then, with a slightly more serious expression, she added, “If you really want to leave, I won’t stop you. But remember, you can always return to this city…” 
Hearing this. 
Lin Tian wavered. Perhaps this was the only place in human territory where he could appear legally. 
If that’s the case. 
What was he waiting for? 
“Hmph, do you think I really want to leave? You haven’t even taught me the breathing technique yet, Big Sis!” Lin Tian’s lips curled into a slight smile as he spoke. 
At the same time, the One-Eyed Owl grinned back, “Hahaha! Fine, drink me under the table, and I’ll teach you! Think you’ve got what it takes?” 
Back at the guild hall. 
Grugia quickly made room for him, “Rookie, you finally showed up. I ordered a special dish just for you—you deserve some thanks!” 
“Yeah, yeah, come and try it!” Osius added, standing up with a big grin. 
They were being extremely hospitable. 
Lin Tian didn’t hold back; it felt just like before. “Oh? What kind of dish?” 
“This dish is called ‘Hero’s Might!’ Legend has it that those who eat this dish will become unparalleled heroes! Whenever a man’s spirit is at its lowest, he’ll eat this dish.  
After eating it, he’ll regain his confidence, become like a war god! A great hero! Conquering those powerful foes that were once unbeatable!” Grugia explained enthusiastically. 
Osius quickly brought the entire plate over to Lin Tian. 
Seeing the steaming dish, which looked like some kind of stew, Lin Tian didn’t find it strange. 
The appearance certainly couldn’t compare to what he had eaten in his previous life. 
But hearing such grand claims about it, he felt compelled to try it. 
It couldn’t be that bad, considering he had saved these guys and this was their way of repaying him. 
Little did he know. 
He hadn’t noticed the mischievous grins Grugia and Osius were trying to suppress, their eyes glancing slyly at one another. 
2038 words today! 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 154: The Final Battle, the Sword Kingdom 
Lin Tian picked up the fork. 
He skewered a piece and held it up for inspection, filled with curiosity. 
It was red, but it didn’t look like meat. 
It lacked the fibrous texture of meat. 
Instead, it resembled something more like tendons. 
Unable to resist, he asked, “What is this made of?” 
“If you want to know what it’s made of, that’s a bit complicated. I can’t explain it all at once, but I’ll tell you as you eat,” Osius quickly responded. 
Lin Tian didn’t concern himself with anything else and tasted it. 
It was chewy, with a surprisingly pleasant texture. 
Nothing else seemed off, especially since he had grown used to eating all sorts of foul-smelling meat and blood. He was long past finding anything particularly disgusting. 
Except for that one time. 
Halfway through his meal, Lin Tian started feeling something was off, “Why does it feel a bit hot in here?” 
“Is that so? I told you it’s a bit warm. Hurry up and eat,” Grugia urged. 
The more Lin Tian ate, the more suspicious he became. Why was he starting to feel so excited? 
He was even having a reaction. 
If it weren’t hidden under the table, it would have been visible already! 
He immediately realized what was going on. 
These two scoundrels had tricked him again! 
This wasn’t some ‘Heroic Power’—it was clearly some kind of aphrodisiac ingredient. 
No wonder it didn’t look like meat; it was part of some creature’s… special anatomy! 
Seeing Lin Tian’s expression as if he wanted to kill them, Osius wasn’t upset; instead, he grinned and said, “Eat up! Don’t be shy!” 
“Yeah, exactly!” Grugia chimed in. 
Inwardly, he chuckled, “He finished the entire plate of this stuff. The kid has some serious restraint.” 
“Damn it, I’m still too young and naive. I almost forgot these two guys are anything but decent,” Lin Tian cursed silently. 
Now, he could only endure it. It would be too awkward to just get up and leave. 
Besides, the One-Eyed Owl was sitting right next to him. The space was tight, and even in normal circumstances, they would brush against each other. If he got up now, he’d bump into her for sure. 
He couldn’t imagine what would happen if he bumped into her. 
At the very least, she’d probably beat him until he couldn’t stand anymore. 
At that moment, the One-Eyed Owl slammed her cup on the table and called out, “Is there anyone here who wants to challenge me?” 
Everyone went silent at her words. 
They all continued drinking, avoiding her gaze. 
“Tch, bunch of wimps. Kid, it looks like you’re the only one here with the guts to take me on. This time, I guarantee I’ll drink you under the table! Let’s go!” The One-Eyed Owl spoke confidently. 
Lin Tian didn’t refuse. He could use a drink to see if it would help with his situation. “Sure, but don’t forget, if I drink you under the table, you have to teach me that breathing technique!” 
“Tch, that thing isn’t some treasure. Let’s drink!” The One-Eyed Owl responded nonchalantly. 
The two started their drinking contest again! 
This time, the One-Eyed Owl wasn’t as overconfident and arrogant. She calmly matched him drink for drink. 
She even made sure to use the bathroom beforehand. 
But to her complete surprise. 
After just a dozen cups, the One-Eyed Owl found herself struggling to hold her glass. She spilled it everywhere as she tried to lift it. 
She couldn’t believe it. “Wh-what’s going on? Is there something wrong with this beer?” 
“Big Sis, I forgot to mention, you shouldn’t drink alcohol within a day of using a Super Recovery Potion,” Osius said with a bitter face. 
He feared he might get pounded. 
Grugia also realized, “Oh, right, because of the potion, your body’s absorption rate is at its peak. The alcohol gets absorbed at full speed too…” 
“You! Why didn’t you say so earlier?” The One-Eyed Owl tried to curse them out, but her tongue was already getting tied. 
Her face flushed red. 
She tried to stand up to wash her face. 
But she stumbled and fell under the table. 
This was what they called getting so drunk you end up under the table, thinking you’re not too drunk to stand. 
One step, and you’re out. 
Guaranteed to fall. 
Everyone watched the scene like it was a show, teasing Osius, “You’re done for, man!” 
“Better run while you can, now that Big Sis is drunk. Otherwise, you won’t get away!” 
“Tsk tsk, we’ll make sure to give you a nice burial, hahaha!” 
At that moment. 
Under the table, the One-Eyed Owl, her vision blurry, looked toward Lin Tian’s spot, feeling puzzled, “Kid, what are you hiding? Did you stash a bottle of booze under there?” 
However, no one heard her. 
Because she was under the table. 
“I’m telling you, you can drink as much as you want here, but you can’t hide any to take out with you, got it! Hand it over!” 
The One-Eyed Owl reached out and grabbed at him. 
… 
The once lively guild hall suddenly reached a strange silence. 
It was shattered by Lin Tian’s shout of pain. 
“What’s wrong, rookie? Why are you shouting like that?” 
Grugia and the others were startled, staring at him in surprise. 
Lin Tian bent down and discovered that the One-Eyed Owl was hiding under the table, staring right at him. 
She was muttering to herself, “Hand over the wine, the bottle of wine in your pocket…” 
“Wine my ass, Big Sis! Do you realize you almost crippled me with that stunt?” Lin Tian was furious. 
Yet, he couldn’t do anything about her. 
He turned to look at Osius and Grugia, the two culprits with ill intentions. “Alright, alright, so how do you plan to take responsibility?” 
“Rookie, don’t get worked up. How about I treat you to some entertainment later?” 
“Yeah, yeah, on me. You can pick any girl you want. We were just trying to be nice to you.” 
The two of them quickly tried to smooth things over. 
But as they got a clear look at it, they swallowed hard again, their eyes wide in disbelief. 
They exchanged glances. “Uh, is there any girl who would even dare to entertain him?” 
… 
In the Sword Kingdom. 
For some reason, the sun hid away today. 
The sky was filled with oppressive dark clouds. 
Outside the city, Alice rode her warhorse, her expression solemn. 
Behind her were Gobu Kuang and the others, along with an army of a million goblins! 
Several leader variants pushed siege engines, steadily advancing. 
“Damn it! How did these goblins develop so quickly? And they’ve even blocked our way to the Magic Kingdom!!!” 
On the city walls, Edward was furious, his hair standing on end, but there was nothing he could do! 
Feeling the overwhelming demonic aura, he was on the brink of despair. 
The combat strength of the Kingdom of the Sword wasn’t weak. 
But Alice knew this, so she had mobilized the nation’s forces overnight, utilizing the goblins’ advantage to gather outside the royal city of the Kingdom of the Sword in the dead of night. 
She didn’t give them any time to deploy troops. 
No matter how many soldiers they had, what good were they if they were trapped inside the city? There wasn’t even a chance to let them out. 
This move put the Kingdom of the Sword at a significant disadvantage. 
What could have been a fifty-fifty battle could only now be described as Alice having strategic military prowess. 
When Edward returned, he only thought of annexing the Magic Kingdom without spilling a drop of blood. 
He didn’t even have time to react. 
This was the result. 
“Princess Alice, why do you serve the goblins? If we join forces and annex the Magic Kingdom, we could rival a Super Empire. Wouldn’t that be better?” 
On the city wall, Edward tried to negotiate. 
Although they had been negotiating for half the day. 
Alice’s gaze was piercing, her expression as cold as eternal ice. “I don’t care what the messenger is. He’s a messenger, so I’ll follow his will. And by killing you, won’t everything become ours anyway?” 
“Your Majesty, stop wasting time with her. We don’t have time to keep delaying. Open the gates and fight!” 
The Grand Commander of the Kingdom of the Sword gritted his teeth. 
The siege engines were almost ready. Soon, huge stones would start flying over. 
There wouldn’t even be a chance to resist. 
Hearing this, Edward was also at a loss. “Fight? The royal city has less than three hundred thousand troops. Even if goblins are weak, that’s still nearly two million—two million fully armed soldiers! How do we fight that?” 
Even with a strategy of trading three for one or five for one. 
Alice’s side wouldn’t lose. 
“Fire!” 
At that moment. 
The siege engines were ready, and Alice drew the Ominous Blade, giving the order. 
With the infusion of magic, the stones thrown were far from ordinary. 
They were engulfed in raging flames. 
Capable of setting the enemy’s city ablaze. 
Edward’s expression changed drastically. It seemed there was no more time to think. “Mages, prepare! Stop those attacks!” 
“Swish, swish, swish!” 
A large number of magic arrays formed, firing beams of light. 
Like anti-aircraft turrets, they continuously shattered the stones. 
But magic power was limited. 
While stones seemed limitless. 
It wasn’t long before stones began to fall into the city. 
Numerous buildings were crushed by the rolling rocks, each one destroying over a dozen houses. 
Because some goblins were large and strong, the stones they threw were far bigger than those seen in dramas. 
“Ahhh!” 
A stone fell among the soldiers hiding near the city wall. 
Blood splattered, and hundreds of soldiers were smashed to pieces! 
Their remains were so thoroughly mashed into the ground that they couldn’t even be scraped off. 
Edward gritted his teeth in fury. “Open the gates, attack!!!” 
“Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh!” 
The power of the Wind Spirit was unleashed, creating a terrifying wind barrier that blocked the massive stones, causing them to drop straight to the ground. 
Dirt and rocks flew everywhere! 
The earth shook and trembled! 
But because of the wind barrier, a small area was cleared where troops could gather and advance. 
Goblins that got too close were blown away. 
Each time Edward used this power, it weakened him significantly, so he didn’t use it right away and couldn’t use it lightly. 
“Gobu Kuang, it’s your turn. Don’t let the enemy secure a foothold!” Alice commanded. 
Gobu Kuang grunted in response, “No problem, Princess Alice!” 
After speaking, he called for Gobu Tian and the others, along with a large group of goblins, to charge together. 
Arriving was a colossal war chariot nearly a hundred meters long, the front lined with sharp iron spikes. 
A large number of goblins were pushing the chariot, aiming it straight at the city gate! 
“Retreat, now!!!” 
Seeing this, Edward shouted. 
But it was already too late. 
The war chariot roared to life, speeding forward! 
It tore through the wind barrier, brutally crushing all the soldiers who had managed to rush out! The chariot also rammed into the city gate, jamming it shut. 
In an instant, three to four thousand soldiers were killed. 
The more than ten thousand who miraculously survived looked around desperately, finding no escape. 
They could only be slaughtered by Gobu Kuang and the others. 
Edward was nearly at his breaking point—how could they be overwhelmed by a group of goblins! 
Or rather, by Alice. 
There was no chance to fight back. 
He could only watch helplessly as his soldiers died at his feet, no more than twenty meters away! 
Yet he didn’t dare order them to shoot arrows or cast spells. 
Doing so would only harm their own men. 
“Fall back quickly!” Gobu Kuang shouted, having almost finished off the soldiers who hadn’t been crushed by the chariot. 
If they didn’t retreat now, the enemy would retaliate. 
“Why hasn’t the reinforcements arrived yet!” Edward turned angrily to the commander and demanded. 
The commander, looking miserable and hopeless, responded, “Your Majesty, the scouts we sent to request reinforcements were all killed by their assassins.” 
The area surrounding the city was filled with goblins moving swiftly. 
They were patrolling, ensuring no imperial scouts made it out. 
“The Magic Kingdom… we never got along with them, but who would’ve thought that only by humans joining forces can we truly fight against monsters…” Edward lamented, full of regret. 
Now, they were isolated, with no hope in sight. 
Just like the darkened sky above. 
The sun was nowhere to be seen. 
Without hesitation, Edward jumped down from the city wall, drawing his longsword, with the Wind Spirit manifesting behind him. “Alice, let’s settle this. If I lose, this city is yours. If I win, I hope you’ll withdraw your troops. You can bring that goblin back to attack with an army again if you wish!” 
He needed time to regroup and gather forces from other cities. 
Only then would he have a fighting chance. 
Right now, all he felt was deep frustration. 
2200 words!! 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 155: Darkspawn vs. Wind Spirit 
Alice’s expression remained cold as she looked behind her. 
She was prepared to eliminate Gobu Kuang and the others together. 
She was merely following Lin Tian’s orders to take over the Kingdom of Swords. 
She had no interest in any one-on-one duels. 
However, Darkspawn egged her on, “Come on, don’t you want to take him down? You were being suppressed by him before, weren’t you?” 
“This time, with me here, I can break down his swordsmanship for you, making you stronger and more useful to the Messenger in the future, isn’t that right?” 
“Go on, become stronger!” 
Hearing this, Alice wavered a little and finally spoke, “I’ll deal with him; you all just stay alert.” 
“That’s more like it. First, listen to my breakdown of his moves. If it really comes to it, then you can use my power,” Darkspawn said slyly. 
Alice slowly walked forward. 
Seeing this, Edward forced himself to stay calm. “Princess Alice, I admit that you outmaneuvered me in terms of strategy, but I won’t lose to you in swordsmanship.” 
“Then, here I come!” 
Edward moved with light steps, using the power of the Wind Spirit to flicker like a phantom to Alice’s left side. 
He knew that Alice wasn’t skilled at using her sword with her left hand. 
Attacking from that side would give him a significant advantage. 
But unfortunately. 
From a distance, Darkspawn saw through it and said, “Step back and watch your left side!” 
Alice, half-doubting, stepped back, adjusting her distance to keep her right hand within striking range. 
Edward was stunned, “How is this possible?! Can he predict my moves?” 
“Shing!” 
The Ominous Blade came crashing down! 
Sword Qi blasted out, carving a funnel-shaped groove several meters deep in the ground ahead, dirt and dust flying everywhere! 
Alice didn’t hold back at all with her attack. She didn’t have to worry about affecting anyone else. 
Edward nimbly dodged and seized the moment of Alice’s attack recovery to move in close and strike. 
The clash of swords rang out. 
Edward gained the upper hand, forcing Alice into constant defense, unable to counterattack. 
She found herself in the same situation as last time. 
She couldn’t break down her opponent’s moves, and the techniques she devised were easily dismantled, like a teacher correcting a student’s work. 
“It’s about time, Princess Alice. You must realize by now that you can’t defeat me!” Edward said sternly, continuing to press his advantage. 
Darkspawn sneered, “Alice, you naive child. Just because you’re a swordsman doesn’t mean you’re only a swordsman. Can’t you use your legs to attack?” 
“But that would dishonor the title of swordsman…” Alice responded in her mind. 
Darkspawn chuckled, “You humans are such strange creatures. Even when you’re about to lose, you still put meaningless pride first. If you insist on that, I can’t help you.” 
Upon hearing this. 
After Alice’s arm was slashed, she could only follow Darkspawn’s advice. 
In the middle of their sword clash, she threw in a knee strike! 
“Ugh!” 
Edward spat out saliva, his face contorted in pain. “You! Sword Technique, Qi Sea Torrent!” 
He immediately used a skill to break free and regain control. 
The Royal Sword hummed and unleashed a powerful aura, which surged forward like a torrent, amplified by the Wind Spirit! 
Alice prepared to use a skill to counter it. 
But Darkspawn stopped her, “Don’t try to counter it. You can withstand this attack with your body and strike back against the flow to deal him a heavy blow!” 
“Against the flow?” Alice still harbored doubts. 
Darkspawn said no more. 
As the torrent of Sword Qi rushed toward her, Alice mustered her courage, gripped the Ominous Blade, and charged straight into it! 
She allowed the Sword Qi to clash against her armor. 
Her body was immediately covered in numerous gashes. 
But it didn’t affect her much; Alice seized the opportunity to dash forward, aiming her sword straight at Edward’s heart! 
“What!” 
Edward was completely caught off guard. His attack had only been a bluff. 
He hadn’t expected it to be seen through. 
It was too late to dodge. 
“Lady Sylph!” Edward hurriedly called for help. 
“Boom!!!” 
A violent gust of wind erupted from him, shooting up into the sky! 
It formed a colossal tornado, twisting the clouds in the sky, a sight to behold! 
The sheer force of it was visually overwhelming! 
The Wind Spirit Sylph, in a form akin to a soul, spread her arms, attaching herself to Edward, her hair flowing wildly in the wind. 
Then, she glanced at Alice and gently waved her hand! 
“Whoosh!” 
A fierce gust, as sharp as a blade, sliced across Alice’s cheek. 
The speed was so fast that there was no chance to evade. 
At that moment, everyone, including the goblins, felt the intense fury of the wind! 
Edward held the Royal Sword, his clothes fluttering in the wind, exuding a powerful aura. He looked down on Alice with disdain and said, “Alice, the speed at which your strength has grown is beyond my expectations, but now you have no chance of winning!” 
The Wind Spirit’s power was unleashed to its fullest. 
He could now use world-class wind magic to assist him. 
“Tell me, who here can possibly stand against me?” Edward arrogantly declared, hovering in mid-air. 
Alice’s expression grew serious as she finally understood the vast difference in their abilities. 
In this state, she had no chance of winning. 
She couldn’t even unleash her Sword Qi properly; any attack would be redirected by the raging winds, potentially striking herself. 
But Alice was not one to give up easily. 
Gripping her longsword, she charged forward quickly! 
“Ignorant…” Edward muttered softly. 
With a swing of his sword, a terrifying gale was unleashed! 
“Boom!” 
The sheer force tore up a massive layer of earth! 
Yet, Alice remained standing, struggling to move forward. 
Seeing this, Edward frowned slightly. “It seems I must make you taste true pain. World-Class Sword Technique · Corridor of Pain!” 
The Royal Sword hummed as he swung it, gathering the winds into a powerful force! 
He slashed forward, creating a corridor of wind and sword energy, several dozen meters wide and stretching hundreds of meters long. 
Gobu Kuang and the others sensed the danger and retreated far away. 
Inside this corridor, the air was filled with rampant Sword Qi. 
Any living being within would be struck repeatedly by countless slashes of wind! 
They might even be torn to pieces. 
However, Alice stood her ground, continually swinging her sword to minimize the damage. 
She mocked him, “Sword Saint, is this what you call a Sword Saint? You’re nothing but a magician relying on magic.” 
In her heart, a true Sword Saint relied solely on close combat, winning with pure swordsmanship. 
Now, Edward was no different from a mage. 
“Hmph, winning is all that matters!” Edward had already resigned himself to using whatever means necessary, focusing only on repelling the goblin army as quickly as possible. 
Suddenly. 
His expression changed drastically. 
He sensed an overwhelming, evil fear growing within the area! 
Even Sylph noticed something was wrong. “She… she has a Darkspawn inside her!” 
“Darkspawn?” Edward immediately realized something, and cold sweat began to form on his forehead. 
Within the Corridor of Pain. 
A massive burst of dark energy exploded, shattering the corridor! 
“Kehehe! This is it! The feeling of being reborn!”  
Alice spoke, but the voice that came out was a sharp, sinister male voice. 
She had reverted to the form she had taken on the Laiyang Plains. 
From the hand holding the sword, half of her body was now covered in black and red flesh, a grotesque and terrifying sight. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 156: Alice’s Miscalculation, the Rebirth of the Darkspawn! 
TL: Sungmin 
Note: Terminology change—Super Empire changed to Great Empire. 
“Ant, are you a Sword Saint of this world?” The Darkspawn, gripping the Ominous Blade, coldly and arrogantly questioned. 
Alice’s right eye turned black and red, glaring much larger than her normal left eye, resembling that of a ghoul. 
Edward’s palms were sweating—what was this eerie sense of oppression? He stammered, “Yes, so what? I am recognized as the youngest Sword Saint…” 
But the Darkspawn immediately spat, “You, a Sword Saint? What a worthless piece of trash…” 
His voice gradually grew slow and sinister. 
“Lady Sylph, let’s attack!” Edward, ignoring everything else, still believed he was unmatched within the realm of the Holy Faith! 
He rushed forward, his speed astonishing! 
The Darkspawn, however, sneered with disdain. “Last time, her body was too fragile. This time, I can finally unleash one-tenth of my power.” 
Facing the oncoming gale sword, the Darkspawn dodged with precision, narrowly avoiding the sharp blade by just one-tenth of a centimeter. 
Though it seemed like they collided, they hadn’t actually touched. 
Immediately after, the Ominous Blade stabbed heavily towards his heart! 
“What!” Edward was in disbelief—his brain insisted that he had already struck! 
Unfortunately, he now had to find a way to evade. 
The Wind Spirit Sylph, puffed up her mouth and blew out a gust of wind, forcibly pulling them apart. 
Edward, drenched in sweat, his eyes filled with fear, thought, “Just now, how could that be? Did he achieve perfect control?” 
“Come on, I really want to test your swordsmanship,” the Darkspawn taunted playfully. 
Hearing this, Edward couldn’t suppress his anger any longer. He gripped the royal sword tightly, preparing to engage in a serious sword fight. 
Seeing this, the Darkspawn’s lips curled into a grin. “Good, now that’s more like it!” 
As Edward attacked, the Darkspawn remained composed, evading with ease. 
Parry after parry. 
The two seemed to be bathing in a storm of blinding cold light, the clashing of swords ringing incessantly. 
The sound was piercing. 
But after fighting for so long, Edward still couldn’t land a single hit, driving him to the brink of madness. “Impossible! Impossible! It’s impossible that you can block every strike!” 
He attempted a sneak attack, kicking out. 
But the Darkspawn blocked it with a hand. 
Seizing the opportunity, Edward’s pupils contracted—now was his chance! Finally! 
He thrust his sword sharply towards the throat. 
However, it was as if the Darkspawn had anticipated this all along. 
“Squelch!” 
The sword pierced forward, but instead of hitting the throat, it impaled the Darkspawn’s hand! Blood didn’t spray out; instead, it was greedily absorbed by the Ominous Blade. 
Ignoring the pain, Edward hurriedly struggled free. 
He retreated a distance and downed a bottle of super recovery potion to heal his injury. 
He had only this one bottle, meant for severe injuries, but now his dominant hand was wounded. 
If it were his left hand, his swordsmanship would drop significantly, leaving him with no chance of winning. 
Taking advantage of the potion’s effects, which enhanced strength, speed, and nullified pain, Edward launched another attack. 
This time, his swordsmanship clearly began to strain the Darkspawn. “Hmph, you’re not so tough after all!” 
Amidst the flurry of blades, Edward grew increasingly exhilarated. “You! You’re finished!” 
He was more pumped up than ever before! 
He was even trembling with excitement. 
Suddenly, a sharp pain shot through his arm. He glanced over. 
Half of his hand was in a horrific state! 
Bleached bones, tinged with blood, were exposed. 
Just looking at it was enough to make him faint from the pain! 
Edward almost dropped his sword in shock, retreating several steps. “When did this happen!!!” 
He hadn’t even noticed, and nearly lost his entire hand! 
The lack of pain sensation turned out to be a drawback. 
The Darkspawn laughed mockingly, “Keep going. I’d love to see you get whittled down to a skeleton…” 
“Lady Sylph, we have to use that move!” Edward said gravely. 
With that, he soared into the air, looking down from above. 
With great difficulty, he raised the royal sword, aiming it at the Darkspawn, and declared, “Blow, gale that tears through the heavens and earth, World-Class Sword Skill · Sylph’s Wind Realm!!” 
As he spoke, the sword tip flickered. 
A gray-white light began to spin, slowly descending towards the ground. 
For a moment, the soldiers on the city walls started frantically jumping down! 
They rushed to find cover. 
“Run! If we don’t, we’re finished!” 
“Is His Majesty crazy, using that move here!?” 
“Stick to the walls! Hold hands, don’t move!” 
The soldiers shouted in panic. 
At this moment. 
That pea-sized grey-white dot began to spin, stirring up a gale. 
“Swish!” 
A massive tornado gradually began to form! 
Its area of impact extended over a kilometer! 
From afar, it almost completely obscured the royal capital of the Sword Kingdom, resembling a colossal beast that blotted out the sky and the sun. 
It appeared as though it was about to devour the entire city. 
The sky grew increasingly dark, with shattered remnants of clouds being pulled into the tornado, forming a terrifying, ghostly face. 
Inside the city, rows of houses were torn apart the instant the tornado struck! 
They were lifted into the sky, spinning violently, creating an awe-inspiring sight! 
On the other side, Gobu Kuang shouted, “Everyone, retreat! Fall back!” 
But, unfortunately, many goblins couldn’t escape in time. 
They were forcibly swept up into the air. 
In the sky, fierce gusts of wind, like sharp blades, pierced through the goblins, killing them on the spot. 
Some were even torn apart, their blood and entrails scattered everywhere. 
Furthermore, the debris from the buildings, now rotating at high speeds, turned into deadly projectiles, shredding anything in their path. 
Thousands upon thousands of goblins, unable to flee in time, were caught up in the whirlwind. 
The entire tornado was filled not only with the howling of the wind but also with the goblins’ screams, creating a horrifying cacophony. 
And at the eye of this storm stood the Darkspawn, still controlling Alice’s body, standing firm. 
In the eye of a tornado, there was no sensation of wind. 
It was similar to when a typhoon struck, initially hitting hard and then suddenly becoming eerily calm. 
This meant they were in the eye of the storm, with the worst yet to come. 
However, unlike a typhoon, the eye of this tornado was only a few dozen meters wide. 
Inside it, it was entirely Edward’s domain. He moved through the storm like a fish in water, unimpeded, as light as the wind itself. 
From ten meters above, he looked down and said, “I can’t beat you in swordsmanship, but what will you do now?” 
“Wind, go!” he commanded, and with a wave of his hand, a fierce wind blade shot out! 
The Darkspawn stepped back to dodge, and the ground was slashed open, leaving a deep, black mark. 
The sound of the wind howling through the cut could still be heard! 
Edward wasn’t done. With another wave of his hand, three wind blades slashed out! 
The Darkspawn manipulated Alice’s body like a phantom, easily dodging. 
But next came ten wind blades! 
Then twenty, thirty! 
Over a hundred! 
The entire eye of the storm became inescapable. 
The Darkspawn could only draw his sword to defend himself, appearing as though he was performing a dance—elegant and confident! 
There wasn’t a trace of pressure on his face. 
“This is wonderful! I love dancing in the midst of war! This is such a feeling of freedom!” the Darkspawn exclaimed in excitement, effortlessly dodging the relentless wind blade assault, as if waltzing. 
Gradually, Edward was reaching his limit. “Lady Sylph, wait, the battle isn’t over yet!” 
“Your body can no longer withstand my power. Surrender, Edward; you cannot defeat the Darkspawn,” Sylph’s ethereal voice echoed. 
But Edward couldn’t accept his defeat. “No! Even if I die, I will fight! Use all your power, Lady Sylph!” 
“Are you sure? Are you not afraid of death?” Sylph asked, her tone grave. 
Edward nodded firmly, “The Sword Kingdom will not fall by my hand. I must pass it on!” 
Hearing this, Sylph was deeply moved. “If that’s the case, then I too will stake everything to defeat this Darkspawn. We cannot let it take over this body, or else everything will be lost.” 
“Wind, heed my call!!!” 
An ethereal, resonant voice echoed across the heavens and the earth! 
On a distant, tranquil hillside. 
A small tree stood tall. 
Suddenly, its crown swayed. 
Then it began to bend downwards, swaying violently in the fierce wind, as if it might break at any moment. 
At that moment, a towering tree, roots and all, was uprooted from above the small tree and flung into the air! 
The wind surged from all directions! 
Carrying with it numerous towering trees that were swept toward the main battlefield! 
Sylph directed each gust of wind, extending her pale fingers and pointing them at the Darkspawn below. 
“Swish!” 
Those towering trees plunged downwards! 
Their speed was terrifying, like cannonballs! 
Seeing this, the Darkspawn knew he couldn’t withstand the impact of these massive trees coming at such high speed, so he quickly tried to dodge. 
But the surrounding gales pressed down on him, making it impossible to move! 
“Wind Spirit, you deserve death!” the Darkspawn cursed, forced to awaken the dragon within the Ominous Blade and slash forward! 
The sword’s energy took the form of a giant dragon, slicing the tree in half. 
But even that was exhausting. 
Looking up, he saw countless towering trees swirling in the sky above! 
The scene was both bizarre and breathtaking! 
It was as if he was surrounded by a horde of ferocious creatures! 
Sylph sternly declared, “Darkspawn, this world does not welcome your birth! Disappear along with this girl!” 
Immediately after, countless trees rained down like a torrential storm! 
No matter how strong one was, it was impossible to block them all. 
Indeed, the power to control natural elements had always been immensely formidable. 
The Darkspawn spoke with a hint of despair, “Poor little girl, I fear I won’t be able to save you this time.” 
Alice’s left eye twitched slightly, as if she wanted to say something, but no words came out. 
She still had things she was concerned about. 
However, given the situation, there was no choice but to face death calmly. 
The Darkspawn suddenly said, “If you trust me, then surrender your body to me completely. I can’t guarantee you’ll survive, and if you do, I can’t promise you’ll be whole. But it’s worth a try.” 
“I…” Alice hesitated. 
Doing so would mean she would be entirely under the Darkspawn’s control. Whether she could regain control of her body would depend entirely on his will. 
In the end, she agreed, emptying her mind and soul. 
The Darkspawn, with a tone of desperation, said, “I will do my best to save you…” 
Yet inwardly, he was grinning wickedly. 
Finally! 
Finally, he had succeeded! 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 157: The Fall of the Sword Kingdom, A New Wheel of History Begins to Turn 
TL: Sungmin  
“Boom!” 
A violent surge of demonic energy erupted skyward! 
The force sent over a dozen massive trees flying chaotically. 
Alice had fully transformed into a Darkspawn! 
Her entire body was now covered in a layer of black-red flesh, sprouting horns, with a pair of broken wings on her back. 
Her height surged to over three meters. 
Her claws were sharp and elongated. 
Her face, terrifying like a demon from hell, with blood-red eyes. 
In that moment, it felt as though the world had come to a standstill. 
Everyone was engulfed in the boundless demonic energy, even the goblins, creatures of darkness themselves, felt a deep, soul-crushing fear! 
The Darkspawn held the Ominous Blade, with the flesh spreading down like liquid. 
It wrapped around the entire Ominous Blade. 
Transforming it into a massive black broadsword. 
As he walked, he spoke, “The Master of War has returned! I! Shall sing a requiem for all of you!” 
“La~” 
“La la~” 
“La la la~” 
He had fought before, but always feigned weakness, so that Alice would have no choice but to entrust everything to him. 
In the distance. 
Sylph silently cursed, “We’ve been tricked, we shouldn’t have pushed that girl to the brink…” 
But it was too late for regrets now. 
“The blood here should be enough to fully restore my power. Kill! Let the slaughter begin!” 
Under the influence of that requiem. 
Everyone’s desire for bloodshed was ignited, a craving for blood, a thirst for war! 
Even Gobu Kuang, his eyes bloodshot, prepared to charge into the city. 
The imperial soldiers, who had been hiding and trembling in fear, were now possessed by a mad desire to fight. 
They forcefully pushed against the war wagons blocking the gates. 
Those who couldn’t push them aside, began scaling the walls, ready to kill. 
Sylph hesitated no longer, she had to kill this Darkspawn immediately, or he would throw the world into chaos. 
With a wave of her hand. 
Countless trees fell from the sky! 
All aimed at the Darkspawn! 
But the Darkspawn only sneered this time, “Earlier, I pretended to be afraid to deceive that foolish girl. Sylph, did you really think I feared you? Have you not heard my name?” 
“Swish!” 
With a single slash of his sword, several trees above were shredded into splinters! 
The blood-red blade gleamed. 
Like a grinder, it furiously shredded tree after tree! 
Edward couldn’t believe his eyes, “How… how is this even possible! Is that still a sword? It’s more like an endless display of destructive magic!” 
On the other side. 
With the hurricane dispelled, the goblins and imperial soldiers had begun to slaughter each other. 
The scent of blood hung thick in the air, nauseatingly strong. 
Sylph watched the Darkspawn, who continued to hack at the trees with increasing ferocity. 
Her pupils contracted in an instant! 
As if she had realized something, “You… you’re the World Destroyer, Atoreya!” 
“Keh keh keh! Let me think, it’s been thousands of years, hasn’t it? I’m surprised someone still remembers my name! Sylph, I’m touched!!!” 
Atoreya the Darkspawn said, utterly exhilarated. 
Then he mocked, “But, the once-mighty Wind King, reduced to such petty tricks?” 
Sylph fell silent for a moment, her mind racing to figure out how to eliminate this Darkspawn with her limited power. 
A few hundred years ago, a great battle had broken out among the elemental spirits. 
Many had died, and others were left with only a fraction of their former strength. 
Sylph was one of the survivors, barely clinging to life, her essence now residing within Edward, slowly recovering. 
But this also meant her power could not be fully unleashed. 
There was no way she could stop Atoreya’s resurrection. 
“Listen to that, the beautiful clash of metal, the roars of blood-soaked battle! This is how the world should be! It’s a good thing that wretched goblin isn’t here, or how could I have come this far so easily?” Atoreya raved madly. 
Soon enough. 
The thousands of trees were all reduced to fragments. 
Only leaves drifting on the wind remained. 
Sylph was filled with remorse, “Atoreya, aren’t you afraid of divine retribution? If you relinquish control of the girl’s body now, you might still survive. But if you continue your rampage, you could die in the next second…” 
This kind of threat only made Atoreya laugh, “How old are you? Are you trying to amuse me? Divine retribution? If the gods had time to deal with me, why don’t they first clean up this filthy, rotting world?” 
“I won’t let you continue this!” Sylph moved to attack once more. 
At that moment. 
From a distant underground location, a small black creature emerged. 
It looked very similar to a low-level goblin, but with a pair of ram’s horns. 
Its eyes weren’t red. 
Instead, they were hexagonal, like a magic array, glowing with a black light. 
Incredibly strange. 
It was the Child of the Evil God that Lin Tian had previously cultivated. 
“What a delicious smell, this place… is filled with food…” 
The Child of the Evil God crawled stealthily, scavenging the battlefield to gain experience and devour corpses. 
Just like a goblin, the more he consumed, the stronger he became. 
However, he could control his size, shrinking and growing at will, and he kept his current small form simply to avoid detection. 
In the blink of an eye, he had consumed tens of thousands of corpses. 
Suddenly, his eerie eyes focused on something nearby, “What is that? Such a delectable scent, I want to eat it!” 
He was staring directly at Atoreya and Sylph, who were locked in battle. 
He began to slowly approach them. 
At this moment, Edward had been beaten beyond recognition, his body covered in wounds and blood. 
But Atoreya had also sustained some injuries. 
The Child of the Evil God sniffed the ground and quickly found some Darkspawn blood, which had dripped from Atoreya’s wounds. 
Without hesitation, he licked it clean. 
His eyes lit up, “This taste… I’ve never savored such a delicacy before!” 
He then locked his gaze onto Atoreya. 
“Sylph, give up. I can let you continue to live. This world needs more strong beings to make it interesting.” Atoreya spoke arrogantly. 
He had already suppressed Sylph to the point where she had no strength left to fight back. 
Edward was barely clinging to life, his body so mangled it was hardly recognizable as human. 
Sylph, her power weakened, could no longer continue the fight. Suddenly, she noticed the pitch-black figure of the Child of the Evil God approaching from a distance. 
With one glance. 
Sylph felt the strange and disturbing power emanating from it. 
Just looking at it made her dizzy and disoriented, her mind in turmoil. 
She quickly averted her gaze, “What is that? It seems to be… an aberration?” 
Veronica wasn’t the only one who could summon aberrations; throughout history, many aberrant creatures had appeared. 
So Sylph had some understanding of them. 
Atoreya, noticing Sylph’s apparent refusal to surrender, narrowed his eyes coldly, “It seems I’ll have to kill you after all. So, say your goodbyes to this beautiful world, my Wind King!” 
Suddenly! 
Atoreya whipped around, sensing a dangerous presence drawing near! 
The Child of the Evil God had latched onto his leg, biting furiously. 
The blood-red flesh that had once resembled armor now tore as easily as paper, chunks being ripped away effortlessly. 
Blood gushed out. 
Atoreya was shocked; he had never seen such a strange creature before. It definitely wasn’t a goblin. 
As he prepared to strike and remove it. 
He suddenly felt a wave of disorientation. 
And then Alice’s voice echoed in his mind, “Let me go! This body is mine!” 
“Impossible! Her spirit was imprisoned by me, how could this be happening!” Atoreya wavered, nearly losing his balance. 
His eyes were filled with terror! 
It was fear! 
He, the embodiment of fear, was now experiencing a feeling of dread. 
And it was all because of the dark creature clinging to his leg! 
In desperation, he prepared to sever his own leg, knowing it could regenerate later. 
However, the Child of the Evil God wasn’t foolish. He quickly scurried all over Atoreya’s body, biting a chunk out before moving to another spot. 
Atoreya kept trying to shake him off. 
But the more he struggled, the more things felt wrong. 
His mind began to blur, as Alice fought with all her might to regain control. 
Finally. 
Atoreya managed to slice the Child of the Evil God in half and threw it away. Staggering, he nearly fell, “What the hell is this cursed thing! Why is my heart racing like this!” 
At this moment. 
Sylph saw a perfect opportunity! 
She immediately left Edward and charged toward Atoreya, “Human girl, hold on! I’ll help you reclaim control of your body!” 
In a rush, she dived in. 
And she prepared to form a pact with Alice! 
“Would you be willing to share your soul with me? I’ll help you fight and achieve victory!” Sylph’s anxious voice echoed in Alice’s mind. 
After a moment of silence, Alice gave a faint “Mm,” unable to afford any more hesitation. 
This was the perfect chance to reclaim control. 
Due to the interference from the aberration, Atoreya’s mind was unstable. 
It was as if even the gods were lending a hand. 
Divine providence. 
Immediately after. 
A green whirlwind began to swirl around Atoreya! 
A powerful spiritual force started to suppress him! 
“No! Lady Sylph, please don’t do this to me, I gave you a chance to live just now!” Atoreya cried out in panic. 
His unstable mind was no longer able to resist the overwhelming willpower of Alice! 
The black-red flesh began to slowly retract into the Ominous Blade. 
Alice’s body started to emerge, though remnants of the Darkspawn’s flesh still clung to parts of her. 
Finally. 
Under the combined suppression of Sylph and Alice. 
Atoreya was completely sealed back into the Ominous Blade, “No! That damned creature, I will kill you all!” 
“Gasp… Gasp… I… I’m back…” 
Alice knelt on the ground, panting heavily, her forehead drenched in sweat. 
Sylph finally breathed a sigh of relief, “Thank the gods! Darkspawn, you will never succeed…” 
“Honest to heaven, I only wanted to help fight, you’ve misunderstood me.” 
At that moment, Atoreya once again tried to disguise himself as a harmless and innocent figure. 
However, Alice would never believe him again. 
The goblins and imperial soldiers, who had been influenced by the requiem, gradually regained their senses. 
But once war begins, it cannot be easily stopped. 
It had become a near one-sided massacre by the goblins. 
Edward, dragging his heavily injured body, managed to move a few steps with great difficulty. 
The sky began to darken with rain. 
His life was like the sun that had already set, his body growing as cold as the falling rain. 
He turned back to glance at Alice, “Lady Sylph, will we meet again?” 
“Brave human, your soul will go to heaven, and we shall meet again there.” 
Sylph emerged from Alice’s body, speaking deeply. 
Her eyes shimmered with the hint of tears. 
“Boom!” 
In the distant city. 
The massive sword statue was destroyed and collapsed. 
Just like Edward, it fell to the ground. 
This kingdom collapsed along with it. 
For some, dreams were shattered. 
But for others, it meant a step closer to their dreams. 
Alice, having steadied herself, noticed the Child of the Evil God that had been sliced in two. 
It was still not dead; the two halves of its body were crawling towards each other. 
Trying to reconnect. 
“So this is the thing, huh?” 
Alice’s expression tightened as she quickly averted her gaze. 
She remembered that Lin had insisted on capturing the Child of the Evil God. 
This must be the creature he was after. 
… 
Child of the Evil God = Kid between Lin Tian and the Overlord Black Goat creature thingy. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 158: The Descent of the Evil God! The Black Goat Mother Goddess! 
TL: Sungmin 
Note: Terminology change—Super Empire changed to Great Empire. 
“Gobu Kuang, you guys help me capture that creature! And whatever you do, don’t look it in the eyes!” Alice shouted urgently. 
On the city wall, Gobu Kuang lifted his head, his mouth full of blood, chewing on the sweet flesh. 
Gobu Tian and Gobu Shan quickly rushed over. 
They cautiously watched the severed yet still lively Child of the Evil God. 
Even the monsters found this bizarre! 
Such an abnormal level of vitality couldn’t be described as anything living. 
Gobu Kuang, astonished, quickly averted his gaze. “This feeling is much stronger than with those previous Black Goat Spawn!” 
The mental pollution was extremely intense. 
Ignoring everything else, the group began to surround and block the creature. 
But they soon discovered that no matter what they did, they couldn’t capture the Child of the Evil God. 
Poison couldn’t stun it, and ropes couldn’t bind it. 
Once its body reconnected and healed, its strength was formidable. 
At this moment, Sylph, who had just established a bond with Alice, spoke up, “To capture an anomaly like this, you’ll need a magic seal. Let me handle it.” 
“Hold that thing down!” 
Hearing this, Gobu Kuang and the others forcibly pinned it down. 
The Child of the Evil God struggled frantically, baring his fangs with a fierce snarl. “Let go of me!” 
Sylph’s figure slowly materialized, lightly tapping the void to conjure a magic circle. “Wind Magic · Binding Wind of the Valley of the Dead!” 
“I won’t be sealed!” 
The Child of the Evil God struggled violently, breaking free from the restraints in an instant. 
It began to dig into the ground, disappearing without a trace in a flash. 
Sylph cursed inwardly, “Damn, we can’t let that anomaly escape! Quick, pursue it!” 
“But, but where do we chase it!?” 
Gobu Kuang was at a loss, unable to find a direction. 
Suddenly, Gobu Tian used his X-ray vision, carefully scanning the underground. “I see him! He’s heading toward the city!” 
“Let’s go!” 
Everyone hurriedly gave chase. 
Inside the city, the battle raged on, the slaughter relentless. 
But Alice prioritized the Child of the Evil God, as Lin Tian had instructed. 
Besides, victory in the war was only a matter of time. 
Standing atop the tall city wall, Alice inquired, “How about now? Where is he?” 
“Strange, I can’t find him. He’s likely too deep underground, beyond the reach of my X-ray vision.” 
Gobu Tian responded. 
This city was several times larger than Lion King City. 
The population exceeded a million. 
Finding him could take forever. 
Nevertheless, they had to keep searching. 
… 
Time passed. 
Several days had gone by, with imperial soldiers either dead or surrendering. 
The captives were temporarily detained, awaiting Lin Tian’s return for further orders. 
But something peculiar caught Gobu Shan’s attention. “Lady Alice, it’s been so long, why haven’t we seen many residents? Our people are guarding all around; it’s impossible for a large number of residents to have escaped.” 
“Hmm?” 
In an instant, Alice sensed something was wrong, her expression changing immediately. 
In a panic, she said, “Damn, that creature must have gone to the shelter!” 
“W-What!?” 
Gobu Kuang reacted, realizing the possibility. 
If he devoured all the shelter’s residents, what kind of terrifying monster would he become? 
He grabbed an imperial resident and demanded, “Tell me, where is your shelter?” 
However, the soldier, filled with rage and desperation, spat out, “I will never tell you!” 
In his mind, Gobu Kuang and his comrades were going to slaughter the residents. 
This enraged Gobu Kuang, who flung him hundreds of meters away in a single throw. 
Just when they were at a loss, a deafening rumble echoed across the earth! 
Something was emerging in the center of the city! 
A massive, pitch-black body, covered in numerous eerie and unsettling eyes, with a face as terrifying and grotesque as a goblin’s. 
It stood at least a hundred meters tall, blotting out the sky! 
Eight arms wrapped around its entire body, with sharp, deadly claws. 
And atop its head, a pair of black horns. 
There was no doubt—it was the missing Child of the Evil God! 
“Lady Alice, i-is that him?” 
Gobu Kuang gulped, speaking with a tremor in his voice. 
But just one glance caused his entire being to be locked onto by those giant, grotesque eyes. 
A severe pain surged into Gobu Kuang’s mind. 
He collapsed, writhing on the ground. 
His sanity nearly hit zero. 
Alice quickly averted her gaze. “How could he have grown so huge!?” 
Everyone was so shocked by the scene before them that they were rendered speechless, and after staring for too long, they began to clutch their heads and struggle. 
Mental breakdown! 
They couldn’t look at it—this was the terrifying power of the anomaly. 
“That’s where the shelter is located! Damn it!” 
“What the hell is this cursed monster? Could it be that it has devoured all the residents in the shelter…!” 
“Arghhh! Fight to the death!” 
The tens of thousands of imperial soldiers who were surrounded shouted desperately. 
They charged recklessly at the Child of the Evil God. 
After all, the people in that shelter were their parents, relatives, wives, and children. 
Now, with nothing left to lose, clinging to life any longer would dishonor the title of Imperial Soldier! 
Even Gobu Kuang and his comrades, who were filled with fear, pulled back to a safer distance. But these insignificant humans continued to charge forward without hesitation! 
The Child of the Evil God looked down upon the ‘ants’ at its feet with disdain. With a light stomp, the shockwave alone knocked people unconscious. 
Yet the relentless battle cries and shouts continued unabated! 
“For the final glory of the Kingdom of the Sword!” 
“Give me back my child’s life!” 
“You monster, I’ll never forgive you! Even if I die, I’ll return as a ghost to curse you!” 
Many soldiers hadn’t even gotten close before collapsing in agony! 
They cried out with clenched teeth, their eyes bulging, bloodshot! 
Veins bulged on their foreheads and necks, their minds completely shattered, leaving them no different from the dead. 
The Child of the Evil God grinned triumphantly as countless tiny tendrils emerged from its body, seizing the soldiers. 
It devoured them cleanly. 
“Kekekeke, I need more nourishment!” 
Without exerting any effort, it turned over thirty thousand brave and fearless imperial soldiers into its nourishment. 
Seeing this, even Alice felt a pang of fear in her heart. “We should retreat; there’s no way to capture that thing anymore.” 
Hearing this, Gobu Kuang shouted, “Fall back! We’re retreating!” 
As the goblin army began to flee the city, a dense mass of pale white figures blocked their path ahead. 
It was the Undead Legion from earlier. 
The legion leader, Lawrence, snarled angrily, “Where’s that goblin? How dare they attack the Kingdom of the Sword without informing me! I’ll kill them!” 
Behind him, the over two hundred thousand strong Undead Legion glared with eyes full of resentment. 
Their very presence was terrifying. 
Alice frowned slightly and explained, “This isn’t about attacking the Kingdom of the Sword anymore. We can’t defeat that anomaly; we need to leave.” 
Lawrence looked back. 
With just one glance, he spotted the towering figure of the Child of the Evil God. 
Even as an undead, he couldn’t help but be shocked. “That’s…” 
“Keep charging! Our will won’t be so easily crushed! Avenge our loved ones!” 
A soldier captain, with blood streaming from his eyes, snarled. 
Despite being defeated by the goblin army, he knew that war was inevitable, and defeat was normal. 
But this anomalous creature before him was the one who had slaughtered his entire family. 
Compared to the goblins, he hated this creature even more. 
Lawrence stared from afar. “That’s… the shelter?!” 
Suddenly! 
Even without a heartbeat, he felt a shudder. 
Though he was dead, his family was still alive. 
In an instant, his face twisted into a demonic expression. “Undead Legion! Charge with me!” 
“Kill!” 
The deafening battle cry was so intense that even the Child of the Evil God was startled. 
The Undead Legion surged forward in a mighty charge! 
As Lawrence rushed past the soldier captain, the captain’s expression changed. “L-Lawrence?!” 
Morale, on the verge of collapse, was reawakened by the presence of a familiar soul! 
Without hesitation, he charged at the Child of the Evil God, drawing his elemental sword and stabbing fiercely! 
One of the creature’s eyes was pierced, emitting thick black smoke. 
But unfortunately… 
Within the deflated eye, familiar human faces appeared, wailing in despair, “Fleis, come with us…” 
These ghastly faces belonged to those devoured by the Child of the Evil God. 
A hand reached out, dragging Fleis inside, impossible to resist. 
Until he was completely consumed. 
Human willpower, in the end, couldn’t triumph over the anomaly. 
But Lawrence and the Undead Legion were different. They were already undead, their will was nonexistent, unbound by any constraints! 
They only sought revenge against Edward and the others. 
They were purely embodiments of vengeance, making them immune to the influence of the Child of the Evil God or any powerful anomaly. 
And physical attacks couldn’t harm the undead. 
Riding a skeletal warhorse, Lawrence charged headlong, slicing through the black tendrils, and climbed the Child of the Evil God’s leg at a 90-degree angle! 
At the same time, the other undead soldiers did the same. 
The pale legion seemed to engulf the Child of the Evil God. 
From a distance, it looked as if the undead army was spreading from its feet up to its legs, waist, and even its neck! 
Until the entire body was submerged! 
With each attack, the Child of the Evil God howled in agony, emitting an ear-piercing wail. 
This sound had a strange effect, driving people to madness! 
From afar, Alice shouted urgently, “Cover your ears!” 
But now, they could finally look directly at the Child of the Evil God. 
Nearly his entire body was engulfed by the undead army! 
“I won’t dare anymore! Stop hitting me, it hurts so much! Save me! Father, Mother!” The Child of the Evil God cried out in agony. 
Hearing this, Alice was somewhat surprised. “Father, Mother? Didn’t the messenger say he didn’t acknowledge any blood ties?” 
However, she suddenly recalled something. 
Perhaps, like the goblins, intelligence needed to be devoured and upgraded to improve. 
It was clear that the Child of the Evil God had now grown to a very powerful level. 
At that moment, the undead army seemed to disperse, falling to the ground one after another. 
But it was because the Child of the Evil God could no longer bear it and forcibly reverted to his Goblin form. 
He ran away in pain. 
“Father, Mother, someone save me!”  
The Child of the Evil God, covered in blood, cried out as he ran, desperately seeking an escape. 
But no place offered refuge. 
Digging tunnels was futile—the undead could move through the earth as they pleased. 
Flying was not an option for him. 
Just then, the previously clear sky suddenly darkened. 
An unprecedented sense of oppression formed between heaven and earth! 
This was far more intense than the earlier standoff. 
Now, it felt as if someone was pressing down on you, as if something was gripping your soul and sending a powerful message: 
Flee! Or face death! 
Even the undead army, which had been driven solely by the desire for revenge, couldn’t help but feel fear. 
The Child of the Evil God, however, was overwhelmed with emotion. “Is it… Is it Father? Mother? Please, save me!” 
… 
In the chapter, the undead army/legion’s leader was called Klaus. However, he was previously called Lawrence so I’ll use that name, especially since he’s a minor character.  
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 159: Drinking Contest, Revenge on Grugia and Osius! 
TL: Sungmin 
Note: Terminology change—Super Empire changed to Great Empire. 
In the distance. 
Sylph’s pupils contracted sharply, and even the Darkspawn felt a sense of dread. 
They spoke in unison, “The Evil God is coming!” 
The Darkspawn, who had been joking around earlier, hoping Sylph would leave, suddenly became serious. “Is it the Black Goat Mother Goddess? If I’m not mistaken, it must be her. This is no fun, you all carry on.” 
After saying that, he fell into slumber. 
“This is bad! Alice, quickly catch up to that guy! I must seal him immediately, or the Evil God will arrive!” Sylph spoke in a panic. 
Alice sprinted at full speed, darting through the ruins. 
Due to Sylph’s wind power, her speed was unprecedented. 
In the blink of an eye, she caught up with the severely injured Child of the Evil God. 
“Wind Magic · Binding Wind of the Valley of the Dead!” 
The magic circle formed. 
The Child of the Evil God looked up, terrified, “No! Don’t seal me!” 
He tried to run forward, but the fierce wind blew him back a few steps, causing him to fall to the ground. 
“Swish!” 
The magic fell. 
A pitch-black void opened up, emitting a powerful suction force. 
It forcibly pulled the Child of the Evil God into it. 
The seal was complete. 
But Alice couldn’t stop trembling, “W-what’s happening to me?” 
“Kneel down quickly! Kneel on the ground, close your eyes tightly, cover your ears, and no matter what happens, do not move!” Sylph urgently instructed. 
She also disappeared from where she stood. 
The Darkspawn had long since hidden in fear, not daring to reveal his presence. 
In the distance, Gobu Kuang and his companions were also trembling, but didn’t know why. “Why is my body shaking? And why do I feel so uneasy?” 
Gobu Tian was equally puzzled. 
But his intuition told him that a powerful danger was approaching. 
Yet there was no place to hide. 
Even when he hid in the shadows, the threat of death did not diminish. 
Not to mention the other goblins. If it weren’t for the fact that the war had already been won, they would have collapsed by now. 
At this moment, Alice hurriedly instructed them to do the same as her. 
The goblins seemed to naturally kneel down. 
As if deep down, subconsciously, they had always wanted to do so. 
All of them knelt on the ground, not daring to lift their heads, not daring to look, not daring to listen. 
Meanwhile, Lawrence and the undead army were still highly vigilant, though deeply confused. 
In the ominously dark sky above. 
The space seemed to shatter as a gleam of light suddenly appeared, like a black sun! 
At first glance, it was clear that it was an eyeball. 
On the black crystalline surface, there were several vein-like red lines, with a small red pupil at the center. 
It was extremely eerie. 
But overall, it was enormous, watching everything below. 
It was none other than one of the Black Goat Mother Goddess’s eyes. 
It scanned the area a few times but found nothing unusual. 
Lawrence stared at the eye, filled with terror, dropping his sword as he half-kneeled on the ground. 
But he couldn’t look away. 
The Evil God’s Eye locked onto them, and with a slight movement of the pupil. 
“Swish!” 
The entire undead army seemed to evaporate! 
Vanished without a trace. 
Then. 
The eyeball slowly dissipated, and sunlight once again pierced through the dark clouds, shining down on the earth. 
Everything became eerily calm and peaceful. 
Alice finally stood up, “That… was that the Evil God?” 
Even her heart had been urging her to kneel, the pressure was too terrifying. 
It was as if the entire world had become hellishly oppressive due to her presence. 
And yet, that was just an eyeball. 
“It’s finally over. I wonder how happy the Boss will be when he sees we’ve taken this city? Haha!” 
Gobu Kuang stood up with lingering fear, but he smiled. 
Alice walked over and continued to issue orders, “It’s not over yet. We still need to take down the Magic Kingdom quickly, and the other territories and cities of the Sword Kingdom haven’t been dealt with. Don’t celebrate too soon.” 
This city only counted as a surprise attack. 
But the dukes and lords of the other cities would surely be on guard and have formed alliances. 
It would take much more time to completely take them down. 
The biggest regret was the annihilation of the undead army. 
Even the hundred-meter-class abominations had been crushed without any chance to fight back. 
Losing such a powerful army was truly unfortunate. 
But the fight had to continue. 
Gobu Kuang composed himself, preparing to set out, “Let’s go. It’s always been the Boss leading us to victory. This time, we need to perform well! Make the Boss happy!” 
“That’s right, let’s show what we can do!” Gobu Tian and Gobu Shan echoed. 
Their morale was high. 
Alice reorganized the army, quickly resupplied, and then began their assault on the Magic Kingdom. 
… 
The Magic Kingdom 
Now leaderless, the royal capital’s nobles were embroiled in chaotic infighting, turning everything into a tangled mess. 
With a swift and decisive attack, it could be taken down in one fell swoop. 
… 
Inside the War Empire, 
At the Dragon Slayer Guild. 
“Come on, you’re not backing down already, are you?” 
Lin Tian taunted Grugia with a mocking tone, staring him down. 
To get his revenge on the two of them in a legitimate way, he had initiated a drinking contest. 
And it was one versus two. 
As long as one of them stayed sober, they would win. 
That was why they agreed to it. 
However, Grugia was already drenched in sweat. “Are you even human? You outdrank Big Sis and kept going for so long without a problem?” 
Urged on, he had no choice but to keep drinking. 
If anyone backed out halfway, they would be scorned by the entire guild. 
But the two of them were already considering that they’d rather be ridiculed than continue drinking. 
Because Lin Tian was staring at them with an exceedingly wicked grin. 
“Drink, drink, drink. If you get drunk, you get drunk. I won’t go too hard on you, don’t worry.” Lin Tian forced a friendly smile as he spoke. 
Osius, though fearful, could only grit his teeth and keep drinking. “Rookie, I’m telling you, don’t go too far, or I won’t let you off!” 
Knowing he was bound to lose, he tried to issue a threat first. 
Grugia chimed in as well, “That’s right, my methods are pretty nasty! You’d better hold back when the time comes, got it?” 
“Fine, I promise I won’t harm a hair on your heads, okay?” Lin Tian replied impatiently. 
They downed several more rounds. 
An hour later. 
Finally, both of them were so drunk that they passed out on the spot, collapsing into a deep sleep. 
A man quickly asked, “Bro, how are you planning to punish these two? Tell us!” 
They were all eager to know. 
A drinking contest? 
Wrong. 
It was all about messing with them! 
Lin Tian stroked his chin, suddenly coming up with a good idea. “Could you guys help me carry them outside?” 
“Sure thing!” 
“Let’s get to it!” 
“These two have messed with us enough in the past; today, we’ll give them a taste of their own medicine!” 
Everyone joined in with enthusiasm. 
They followed Lin Tian outside the guild and onto the busy street. 
Finally, they stopped in front of a shop called “Midnight Rose.” 
“Hmm? Dragon Slayer Guild boys? Come in, come in! We’ve just brought in some fresh roses, one of them hasn’t even had a customer yet—how about her for you?” 
At the door stood a plump, heavily made-up woman with a fawning smile. 
She was the shop’s owner, Red Rose. 
She pulled Lin Tian inside to offer her services. 
Lin Tian signaled the others to wait outside while he entered. 
Inside, the lighting was dim, and the air was filled with various intoxicating fragrances. 
Many were drinking, each with a woman by their side. 
The room was filled with lewd and lascivious laughter. 
From upstairs, faint, urgent, coquettish sounds could be heard. 
This place was anything but ordinary. 
Red Rose led Lin Tian to a private room and said, “Please wait a moment. With such a handsome young man, I’m in a bit of a bind. Let me bring out my best roses.” 
Soon enough. 
One by one, stunning women, each like a blooming rose, entered the room. 
There were about ten of them. 
They were all scantily clad, with exquisite faces and makeup designed to captivate men. 
Just one look. 
And any man’s hormones would surge instantly. 
For those with weak self-control, this would be heaven. 
However. 
Each woman had a haughty expression, full of disdain. “Boss, I’ve told you before, I don’t take anyone less than a noble.” 
“At the very least, they need to be super handsome. Why drag us here?” 
“I’m on break today! I want double pay, even if I don’t take anyone!” 
Hearing this. 
Red Rose signaled for them to calm down. “Relax, I promise you’ll be more than compensated!” 
She then pointed at Lin Tian. “Take a look at this fresh-faced young man, do you like him? And he’s from the Dragon Slayer Guild!” 
The roses turned their attention to Lin Tian. 
Immediately. 
Their eyes lit up! 
“Oh my, so young? I—I’m several years older than him, isn’t that wrong?” 
“Hey, cutie, how about I charge you half-price?” 
“Dragon Slayer Guild, huh? I won’t charge anything this time, as long as you promise to come back often, deal?” 
In an instant. 
The once-proud roses all crowded around, fawning over him. 
They reached out with their slender, fair arms, trying to hook him in. 
Or they draped their long legs in front of him. 
The tantalizing views and the alluring fragrances were all designed to entice Lin Tian. 
Normally. 
They were used to serving older men or those with peculiar looks. 
They were almost on the verge of throwing up from the usual clientele. 
So when they finally encountered someone young and fresh like this, who was also a member of the Dragon Slayer Guild, how could they not be tempted? 
Some of them even considered paying just to be with him. After all, from their perspective, if they could host Lin Tian, it would be Lin Tian who was getting the short end of the stick. 
Red Rose chuckled from the side, “Don’t rush, ladies. If this young man’s got the stamina, he might just take you all on at once, right?” 
“Ahem, Boss, I’m actually not here for that,” Lin Tian said, barely holding himself back. 
He had to clarify before things got out of hand. After all, there were so many people waiting outside. If they found out he was in here doing that, they’d probably chop him up when he came out. 
Red Rose paused in surprise, and the other women looked equally baffled. “Not here for that? Then what are you here for?!” 
Lin Tian slowly replied, “I’m here to sell.” 
“Sell what?” 
Red Rose was growing impatient, but considering he was from the Dragon Slayer Guild, she decided to be patient. 
But selling something here? That was absurd. 
Lin Tian glanced at the girls beside him, his eyes drifting downward. 
This gesture left them completely flustered. “Are you… are you gay?!” 
“Boring! No wonder he held out so long.” 
“What a pity, little brother. How about I help you out, and you’ll be back to normal in no time!” 
“Let him go. I’m willing to be that angelic sister who leads him back to the right path.” 
Lin Tian quickly cut them off, “You’ve got it wrong. I’m here to sell people. Two healthy, handsome men, for just a thousand gold coins. How about it?” 
“You can use them to cater to those with particular tastes. Ten gold per session, and after a hundred sessions, you’ll have made your money back, right?” 
“And I’m even willing to sign a contract, guaranteeing a hundredfold compensation if I go back on my word!” 
Hearing this, Red Rose’s eyes practically turned into gold coins. “Where? I’ll buy them! This kind of surefire profit is too good to pass up!” 
A thousand gold coins wouldn’t even buy you a decent slave, and now she could get two men for that price! 
Plus, with a hundredfold penalty for backing out, there was no way Lin Tian would renege on the deal. 
“Boss, what would you even do with two men?” one of the women couldn’t help but ask, feeling like it was a losing proposition. 
Red Rose just giggled, “I’ve been running this place long enough to know that quite a few men have… peculiar preferences. This will be a great way to expand our business.” 
“And even if the business doesn’t take off, keeping them around for personal use isn’t a bad idea either, hehe…” 
As she spoke, Red Rose’s grin grew wider. 
Lin Tian joined in the laughter, “You two thought you could mess with me, huh? Well, this lovely 300-pound lady will be your new owner from now on.” 
2222 words 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 160: Revenge, the Perfect Titan Warrior! 
TL: Sungmin 
Note: Terminology change—Super Empire changed to Great Empire. 
“Hey boss, I bet you’re buying this for yourself, huh? Hahaha!” 
A group of Roses teased him. 
Red Rose’s chubby face couldn’t even hold in her tongue; she was drooling, laughing sheepishly as her intentions were exposed. 
Lin Tian waved his hand, signaling for the two men to come inside. 
“What’s up, brother? You brought us here to have some fun?” 
The man carrying Grugia spoke, his eyes full of excitement. 
Next to him, another man was carrying Osius. 
They both tossed them onto the sofa. 
Seeing this, Red Rose’s expression changed slightly. “L-little brother, you’re not thinking of selling these two to me, are you? Oh dear, I wouldn’t dare buy them!” 
These two were some of the strongest members of the Dragon Slayer Guild. 
Not to mention, they were regulars here, well-known faces. 
Lin Tian quickly reassured her, “Don’t worry, boss. They’ll willingly become your property. Even if you don’t dare to do anything, if they want to buy their freedom back, you’ll make a tidy profit, won’t you? And then, just give me a share.” 
“Exactly, they lost a drinking contest, so they’ll accept any punishment.” 
“I’m sure you’ve heard about our guild’s drinking games, right?” 
Hearing this, Red Rose finally relaxed. “So that’s how it is! Alright, alright! Here’s the gold coins, and little brother, you can enjoy yourselves here today, on the house! Hahaha!” 
She couldn’t help but walk over to Grugia, giving him a firm pinch. 
“Just the size I like!” 
She tossed a large pouch of gold coins to Lin Tian. “There are about three thousand gold coins in here, no need to give change!” 
Immediately afterward, she hoisted Grugia and Osius onto her shoulders and carried them to the back room. 
Lin Tian glanced at the Roses and said, “Feel free to have fun; I’ve got some things to take care of, so I won’t be staying.” 
“Bro, we really owe you one, thanks so much!” 
“If those two try to take revenge on you, we’ll definitely back you up!” 
“Besides Big Sis, you’re the one I admire the most!” 
The group bid farewell to Lin Tian as he turned and walked away into a world of indulgence. 
These so-called ‘Roses’ now seemed to Lin Tian like nothing more than common wenches, their lips kissed by countless men. 
He found them utterly unappealing. 
To put it bluntly, he had grown too haughty, disdaining such lowly offerings. 
If it were someone like the One-Eyed Owl, though, he could still consider it. 
Back at the guild, only a few female members were left tending to the One-Eyed Owl and cleaning up the mess. 
Lin Tian counted the coins, feeling quite pleased. “Three thousand gold coins… In my previous world, that would make me a multimillionaire.” 
In the past, the total treasury of the Lionheart Empire only held around a hundred thousand gold coins. 
Equipping an army of a hundred thousand elite soldiers drained it completely. 
However, money wasn’t of much use to Lin Tian now. 
Revenge on those two guys was his real goal. 
“Ah? My head hurts… Where are Grugia and the others? How could they be so drunk? I even forgot to discuss something important.” 
The One-Eyed Owl slowly sat up on the nearby sofa, holding her head. 
She still seemed dazed and out of it. 
The important matter was the grudge between Grugia and Patrick. 
The Landau family was dealt with, so it was time to handle this too. 
Even if the other party was the Empire’s Perfect Titan Warrior, he couldn’t be spared. 
Upon hearing this, Lin Tian explained, “They’re probably having some fun right now.” 
The One-Eyed Owl suddenly perked up, pouring herself a glass of water. “Having fun? Without me? Why are we still standing around? Let’s go!” 
“That kind of fun isn’t what you’re imagining. Why don’t you just teach me the breathing technique first?” 
Lin Tian shifted the conversation to something serious. 
He figured it was about time to return to the Empire, so learning the breathing technique quickly would be best. 
That way, he could leave at any time. 
But the One-Eyed Owl wasn’t in any hurry. “The breathing technique can be taught anytime, but fun like this isn’t something you can have every day. That guy… taking advantage of me being drunk to have fun on his own!” 
Seeing her like this, Lin Tian decided to spill the beans. “I sold him to Red Rose. He’s probably having a blast with her right now. Don’t misunderstand, Big Sis.” 
Suddenly. 
Everyone in the guild hall was stunned. 
Several women couldn’t help but cover their mouths, giggling. “Red Rose? That three-hundred-pound shop owner?” 
“He’s in for a treat!” 
The One-Eyed Owl spat out her drink, laughing heartily as well. “Well done! That guy deserves it! Haha!” 
At this moment. 
A powerful murderous aura was approaching from outside the guild! 
The One-Eyed Owl smirked. “Kid, looks like you’re in trouble.” 
“Damn rookie! Get out here! I’m going to kill you!!!” 
“Boom! Boom! Boom!” 
The ground trembled. 
Grugia charged into the hall like a freight train, smashing through an entire wall of floor-to-ceiling windows! 
Right alongside him was Osius. 
Both of them were furious, their faces twisted with rage, as if they wanted to skin Lin Tian alive. 
Seeing this, Lin Tian put on a serious face. “What are you doing? These are the rules of the drinking game—are you saying you can’t handle it?” 
Grugia hesitated for a moment. “Who says I can’t handle it? It’s just that you went too far! Look at my face!” 
His face was covered in red marks, all from being whipped by a small leather whip. 
“I’m telling you, the sight of fat makes me want to vomit now!” 
Osius clenched his fists, his eyes almost bulging out in rage. He wrapped his arms tightly around himself and began to sob, “I… I was a virgin! And I lost it to that pale, fat devil! Waaa!” 
In his eyes, Red Rose was nothing short of a terrifying white-skinned demon. 
She had cruelly taken everything from him. 
Hearing this, Grugia’s anger faded, replaced by surprise. “What? Osius, you were a virgin? Rookie, did you hear that? How could you be so heartless?” 
“Can you even imagine the horror I woke up to? It was the most terrifying sight of my life! It was no less traumatic than seeing a naked old granny!” Osius was nearly in tears as he spoke. 
Both his spirit and body had been severely tainted. 
As a monk, he had always maintained his purity, similar to an ascetic, and had never engaged in such activities. 
Hearing the comparison to a naked old granny, even the Dragon Slayer Guild members who had been planning to defend Lin Tian couldn’t help but shudder. 
A sight worse than that? Indeed, it was truly cruel. 
Grugia pointed at Lin Tian. “I never imagined you could be so vicious! Too cruel! Don’t cry, love; I’m here for you.” 
Osius wiped his tears and threw himself into Grugia’s arms. 
In the end, the entire guild pooled their money together to buy them back. 
This made Lin Tian feel a bit embarrassed. “How about this: from now on, I’ll cover all your expenses at Midnight Rose. Does that sound fair?” 
“Are you serious!?” 
In an instant, Osius’s eyes sparkled like a child’s. 
He leaned in close to Lin Tian. 
The others, who had been worried just moments ago, sighed and muttered, “This guy’s really shameless!” 
“He deserved it. And to think we even pitched in to buy them back—I bet he was faking it!” 
“No, it wasn’t fake. I accidentally saw that scene before, that white, fat devil—ugh, I threw up on the spot!” 
At that moment, the One-Eyed Owl interrupted the farce. “Enough, enough! I don’t understand you losers. You can’t get a wife, so you just keep going to places like that…” 
Grugia timidly whispered, “You don’t have a husband either, and we, uh…” 
Instantly, a cold glare locked onto him. 
It felt like that glare pierced his throat, leaving him unable to breathe. 
The One-Eyed Owl coldly remarked, “How about I sell you to that white-skinned devil again?” 
Seeing everyone quiet down, she began to speak again. “I got so drunk earlier that I forgot to tell you about something important. You all know Patrick, right?” 
At the mention of that name, Grugia, who had just been laughing, suddenly went limp. 
His expression darkened. 
Osius also frowned slightly. “Big Sis, of course we know that guy, and he’s definitely someone who deserves to die!” 
“Exactly. I plan to take him down! Who’s with me?” 
The One-Eyed Owl scanned the group. 
It seemed she didn’t even need to ask; no one would choose to refuse. 
Everyone agreed without hesitation. 
But Grugia looked deflated. “Big Sis, this is a personal matter for me. It’s got nothing to do with you all.” 
“You little brat, you’ve been talking back a lot lately, haven’t you?”  
The One-Eyed Owl grabbed him by the collar and lifted him up as she spoke. 
Grugia was deeply moved, yet he still firmly held his ground. “Big Sis, I can’t agree to this. You’ll all die if you get involved!” 
The Landau family incident had been pure luck, thanks to Joan of Arc’s sudden appearance. 
Patrick, however, was not someone to be compared with the Landau family. 
He was a representative of the War Empire, and even if they killed him, King Alexander wouldn’t let them off the hook. 
It would be tantamount to declaring war on the War Empire. 
But the One-Eyed Owl didn’t care at all. “That old man Alexander failed to keep the Landau family in check; I haven’t even gone to settle that score yet. Killing Patrick isn’t going too far!” 
“Exactly! We all listen to Big Sis—it’s not going too far at all!” 
Everyone chimed in. 
But Grugia couldn’t bear to see them rush to their deaths. 
He was once a Marquis and was well aware of the War Empire’s strength. 
Even if the One-Eyed Owl wasn’t injured, she would still be crushed under the empire’s war machine, reduced to nothing but dirt beneath its wheels. 
Even the entire Dragon Slayer Guild would be nothing more than ants trying to stop a chariot. 
Grugia’s expression grew severe and angry as he pushed the One-Eyed Owl away, a dark and fierce aura emanating from him. 
The entire hall was filled with a heavy, oppressive atmosphere. 
The faces of those around him grew uneasy, unsure of what to say. 
Grugia glared at them. “I don’t want to say it again. This is not something you can get involved in…” 
“Boom!” 
Before he could finish his sentence, the One-Eyed Owl punched him into the floor, knocking the wind out of him. 
“I gave you face, and you still think you can boss me around?” The One-Eyed Owl cursed at him. 
Seeing this, Lin Tian couldn’t help but step forward. “Big Sis, how about this: let’s lure Patrick out and take him down one-on-one. Then we can pin some false charges on him. Even if the War Empire wants to blame us, they’ll have no reason to.” 
Osius jumped up excitedly. “You little devil! That’s just too devious!” 
Grugia instantly crawled out of the floor. “Rookie, I love you to death! If I set up a meeting with him, that guy definitely won’t refuse!” 
Patrick was the kind of arrogant person who wouldn’t pass up the chance to humiliate someone like Grugia if he offered himself up. 
Although Grugia and the others often acted impulsively, they did so out of loyalty to the One-Eyed Owl. 
Now, with this plan, if he could avoid dragging the entire guild into danger, he felt much more at ease. That’s why he found Lin Tian’s idea so brilliant. 
Even the One-Eyed Owl couldn’t help but give Lin Tian a look of approval. “I didn’t realize you were this clever. How about you become the manager of the Dragon Slayer Guild?” 
“Manager? No thanks. Big Sis, it’s better if you teach me the breathing technique first. I have some things to take care of, and it’s about time I left the guild.” 
Lin Tian spoke with a serious expression, looking directly at them. 
Immediately, the entire hall fell silent. 
Over 2k words in this chapter again! 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 161: Finding a Way to Evolve · Lin Tian 
TL: Sungmin 
Note: Terminology change—Super Empire changed to Great Empire. 
“What’s the rush? I haven’t had a drink with you yet, kid. You’re not allowed to leave!” 
The One-Eyed Owl pulled Lin Tian close with a playful smile, trying to convince him to stay with a lighthearted approach. 
But Lin Tian had already made up his mind. “We’ll definitely meet again in the future.” 
Hearing this, Osius became flustered. “No, really, you’re leaving? You’re not happy staying with the guild? Though I admit, you haven’t exactly had the best time lately…” 
“Rookie, it was your idea. How can you just leave? Why not stick around a bit longer? Maybe you’ll change your mind,” Grugia chimed in, having recovered from the initial shock, trying to persuade him as well. 
Everyone joined in, urging him to stay. 
Although Lin Tian hadn’t been with them for long, his presence over the past few days had brought many changes to the guild. 
It was no longer just the One-Eyed Owl drinking alone; now everyone joined in. 
He had even helped them survive in Twilight City with Joan of Arc’s aid. 
But Lin Tian shook his head. “I appreciate your concern, but there are some things I need to handle on my own.” 
He then turned to the One-Eyed Owl. “Big Sis, can you teach me something? How long will it take to learn?” 
For a moment, everyone fell into a somber silence. 
The One-Eyed Owl was a bit displeased as well. “This really sucks, but since you’ve decided, there’s nothing I can do. If you learn quickly, it could take three days. If not, you might never learn it in a lifetime.” 
The technique had no level restrictions, so it could be learned quickly or slowly. 
Lin Tian nodded. 
For the next two days, he practiced the breathing technique with the One-Eyed Owl in the square. 
Basically, it was a method to amplify strength and speed, allowing one to maximize their body’s potential in combat. 
For someone like the One-Eyed Owl, this was an incredibly powerful tool. 
For Lin Tian, though, its utility was relatively limited but still essential. 
During this time, Grugia had already passed the news to Patrick, who was expected to attend the Dragon Slayer Guild banquet that night. 
Using the breathing technique, Lin Tian found that the strength of his body alone was now enough to shatter rocks with his bare hands. 
He moved with the swiftness of a flying swallow. 
Overall, his power had increased by over 100%. 
He then checked his attribute panel. 
[Lin Tian: Lv100<br/>
Race: Goblin<br/>
Profession: None<br/>
Titles: Blasphemer, Potential God, God’s Blessing,…<br/>
Health: 2400<br/>
Strength: 840<br/>
Defense: 1010<br/>
Skills: Lucky Steal, Anubis’ Soul Drain, Abnormal Fusion, Blood of Ruin, Ruinous Howl, No-Blade Capture, Keen…<br/>
Equipment: Spear of Thor, Elemental Crossbow, Life Armor<br/>
Overall Power: 9500] 
Everything else remained unchanged, including the skills panel. 
The breathing technique didn’t count as a skill. 
However, his overall combat power had increased from just below 9000 to 9500! 
He had gained a full 500 points in combat power. 
Unfortunately, he still couldn’t compare to the One-Eyed Owl. 
As a weak goblin, it was only thanks to three pieces of world-class magic equipment and the attributes he had gained from mating with so many powerful beings that he had this level of strength. 
Unless he could evolve again, he couldn’t break the 10,000 mark. 
Looking at it this way, his next focus couldn’t be on combat techniques or equipment. 
Instead, he needed to find a way to evolve! 
Lin Tian then expressed his gratitude. “Big Sis, thank you for your guidance. I can clearly feel that my strength has increased.” 
“You have a good combat talent, but you still need a lot of practice. Why not spar with me before you leave?” The One-Eyed Owl grinned mischievously. 
Lin Tian quickly waved his hands. “No need, no need, I’ll practice hard…” 
But the One-Eyed Owl wasn’t willing to give up so easily. “Oh come on, give it a try. I promise I won’t beat you half to death so you can’t leave the guild.” 
Good grief. 
She wasn’t even trying to hide it anymore, was she? 
Lin Tian was about to formally say goodbye to everyone when they suddenly heard the sound of galloping hooves outside. “Is this the place? The Dragon Slayer Guild, huh? Doesn’t seem like much.” 
The newcomer was none other than Patrick. 
Dressed in alloy armor, he exuded an imposing aura. 
A few personal guards accompanied him. 
He slowly dismounted and, with a kick, pushed open the front door and entered the hall. 
Lin Tian saw him from a distance and immediately recognized him from their previous encounter in Twilight City. 
[Patrick: Lv100<br/>
Race: Demi-human<br/>
Profession: Titan Warrior<br/>
Titles: Perfect Gene, God-Creation Project…<br/>
Health: 3000<br/>
Strength: 1004<br/>
Defense: 1001<br/>
Skills: Bloodline Awakening<br/>
Equipment: Alloy Heavy Armor, Alloy Longsword<br/>
Overall Power: 10100] 
Although he was one of the strongest warriors in the War Empire, his strength was slightly weaker than the other two Titan Warriors. 
The One-Eyed Owl gazed at him coldly, muttering to herself, “That fool with a death wish finally showed up…” 
Inside the hall. 
Osius and the others hurried out to greet him. “Long time no see, Duke.” 
Grugia stood nearby with a sullen expression but made every effort to play along. 
“Oh? I didn’t expect you to be so polite now,” Patrick sneered. 
Grugia forced a smile. “I invited you here with no ill intent, as I mentioned in the letter. We want to establish a branch in Twilight City and need your help to speak with the king.” 
“Hmm?” Patrick raised an eyebrow, not immediately responding. 
Osius suddenly understood. “Please, come inside. We’ve prepared food and drink—help yourself!” 
Hearing this, Patrick finally looked somewhat satisfied. 
Suddenly, he glanced over at the One-Eyed Owl standing with Lin Tian in the distance. “Guild Master, won’t you join me for a drink? I’ve heard your drinking skills are quite impressive.” 
“Heh, since the Duke is being so generous, I won’t refuse,” the One-Eyed Owl replied with a sarcastic tone, already plotting how she would crush him. 
But things had to unfold according to plan. 
Patrick wasn’t the least bit afraid, as he currently held the upper hand. The Dragon Slayer Guild needed his help. 
Once they reached the table, Patrick took one look at the meager spread of dishes, and his face instantly darkened. “You’re asking me for a favor, and this is the food you serve?” 
Grugia remained silent. 
Of course, they wouldn’t serve their best dishes. 
This was just a formality—let him eat and drink, then have an actor accuse him of harassment and assault. 
That would give them the pretext to kill him. 
Patrick eyed the wild and alluring One-Eyed Owl and decided to let it slide for now. 
He was long tired of fine cuisine. 
What he really wanted to taste was the One-Eyed Owl, like savoring an unbearably spicy Sichuan dish. 
Even though he knew it might hurt, he still craved it. 
As he drank, Patrick sneered, “Miss Elizabeth, how do you manage, living with so many men every day? Do you handle it well?” 
“Duke, with her strength, she can surely handle it, haha!” 
“But I bet she couldn’t handle the Duke!” 
His guards chimed in, laughing along. 
Lin Tian listened from the side, thinking they were courting death. 
The One-Eyed Owl was the kind of lunatic he wouldn’t dare provoke—even if he could win in a fight. 
The battle at the Iron Horn Tribe had shown him the terrifying extent of her madness. 
Suddenly, the One-Eyed Owl stood up, the wine glass in her hand shattering with a sharp crack as her face darkened. 
Osius quickly whispered, “Big Sis, please, patience, patience!” 
“I can’t hold back any longer! I’m going to rip his mouth off and shove it down his throat!” 
“Shhh!” 
In an instant, the One-Eyed Owl flung the glass shards at them. 
His guards were hit like they’d been shot by a scattergun, dying on the spot! 
The glass shards pierced right through their armor, embedding themselves in their chests. 
Patrick’s armor blocked the glass, but his face was already bleeding profusely! 
He jumped up, furious. “What the hell are you doing? How dare you attack me? How dare you kill warriors of the War Empire? One-Eyed Owl, do you want to ruin your chances of opening a branch in Twilight City?” 
“Attack you? The real show’s just getting started!” 
The One-Eyed Owl was past the point of tolerance, ready to strike. 
Osius was using every ounce of strength he had to hold her back. “Big Sis, please, we’re so close to the final step!” 
If a fight broke out here, not only would the guild be destroyed, but the entire city would be at risk. 
Patrick, seething with rage, ignored the warnings. “You’ll pay for this! This isn’t over!” 
With that, he stormed out. 
He immediately mounted his horse, ready to head back. 
But outside the city gates, members of the Dragon Slayer Guild were lying in wait, ready to ambush him and frame him for assault, leaving behind evidence. 
“Damn crazy woman! I’ll have the Empire’s iron hoof flatten this city! Then I’ll bind you up and do whatever I want with you!” Patrick snarled as he rode, seething with anger. 
He knew full well that if a fight broke out, it wouldn’t end well for him. 
Suddenly, he found himself blocked by a group of people. 
An actor they had hired rushed forward, creating a scuffle, and managed to snatch a trinket from him. 
That would be the evidence they needed. 
Patrick was livid. He wasn’t in the mood for this nonsense. “Get out of my way! How dare you block the path of a duke?” 
Just as he scattered the crowd— 
He suddenly felt a chilling presence behind him! 
In the split second he turned— 
A powerful punch whistled through the air, deafeningly loud! 
“Bang!” 
The One-Eyed Owl’s punch landed squarely on his jaw, smashing it completely! 
He was sent flying over a hundred meters, tumbling across the ground. 
He was nearly torn apart. 
“Ah… Ahhh… Ahhh!” 
Patrick screamed in agony, clutching his shattered jaw, on the brink of collapse. 
Without his jaw, Patrick couldn’t even speak. 
Suddenly, that figure stood before him again. 
The One-Eyed Owl’s cold eye seemed to gleam in the darkness. “I told you, I’d rip off your mouth and shove it down your throat!” 
She grabbed him and lifted him effortlessly. 
“Ahh… Ahhh!” Patrick’s mind was consumed by only one word: fear! 
This woman was a demon! 
She held him up, and he saw that in her hand was his missing jaw. 
With a sickening squelch, she shoved it into his throat! 
“Ahhh! You… you’re… dead!” Patrick groaned in agony, nearly passing out as his eyes rolled back. 
Inside him, the Titan gene chain began to glow with a brilliant golden light! 
From the sky, a golden bolt of lightning struck down! 
His body rapidly expanded, steaming with intense heat! 
He had fully transformed into a Titan! 
Now standing at fifty or sixty meters tall, his strength could only be described as terrifying. 
He immediately raised his foot to stomp on the One-Eyed Owl. 
But she dodged swiftly and began climbing up his body towards his head, screaming maniacally, “Come on!!!” 
“Bang!” 
With a powerful punch, the colossal body of the Titan fell backward! 
Grugia also transformed into a Titan and joined the fight. 
But it was mostly a one-sided beatdown from the One-Eyed Owl! 
She pummeled Patrick mercilessly, leaving him with no chance to fight back. 
Watching this scene, Lin Tian shrugged. “That’s enough, One-Eyed Owl. Until next time, I hope by then I’ll be able to outdrink you and outfight you, making you as tame as a kitten!” 
He planned to return and find a way to evolve. 
He also needed to deal with matters related to the empire. 
With each thunderous blow that echoed through the heavens, flesh was struck, bones shattered. 
Patrick’s entire body was beaten to the point of collapse, like a pile of mud. 
In plain terms, he was completely broken apart by the One-Eyed Owl. 
(So these perfected titans are Attack on Titan titans. Yk, with the golden lightning and all.) 
… 
Days Later. 
In Twilight City. 
Alexander, who was preparing to lead a campaign against the Demon King, was almost ready to depart. 
He had already secured agreements with several imperial kings, including Joan of Arc. 
But just then, a Perfect Titan Warrior entered the throne room, his expression grave. “Your Majesty, Patrick…” 
“What about him?” Alexander asked with a hint of curiosity. 
The Perfect Titan Warrior replied, “He was killed at the Dragon Slayer Guild. His body was just returned. According to the One-Eyed Owl, he was caught assaulting a civilian and tried to resist arrest, during which he was killed. There’s even evidence to support this.” 
As Patrick’s body was brought in, Alexander did not fly into a rage. 
His face, full of coarse flesh and beard, merely broke into a chilling smile. 
“Heh, heh, One-Eyed Owl, Dragon Slayer Guild… I never thought these lunatics would start playing mind games too?” 
He knew full well about the enmity between Patrick and Grugia. 
This had to be related. 
The claim of assault was just a pretext, a fabricated charge. 
Alexander muttered to himself, “It’s a pity. If you were just a bunch of simple lunatics, I could tolerate you living. 
But if you want to play games with me, then don’t blame me for playing along…” 
The Perfect Titan Warrior below asked, “Your Majesty, does this mean you plan to wipe them out?” 
“Me? Those lowly scum aren’t worth my personal attention,” Alexander sneered. Compared to the campaign against the Demon King, the Dragon Slayer Guild was nothing more than a minor annoyance. 
He pondered for a moment, “How is Landau? Has he been saved?” 
“He’s out of immediate danger, but he’s little more than a cripple now,” the Titan Warrior replied. 
Alexander nodded. “As long as he’s not dead. If you want to play games with me, then don’t blame me for playing games too. 
Send fifty thousand troops to Landau, along with two Armored Titans, two hundred Titan Killers, and all of you. Let him crush the Dragon Slayer Guild in the name of revenge!” 
His voice echoed like thunder through the hall. 
After speaking, he left without further thought. 
The Dragon Slayer Guild was nothing more than a minor problem, easily crushed by the forces he had assigned. 
In the Mage’s Healing Hall. 
On the bed, Landau, wrapped in bandages, couldn’t help but laugh when he heard the news. 
Even though laughing sent waves of pain through his entire body. 
“One-Eyed Owl, Grugia, Osius… you dared to oppose the War Empire? Not even a god can save you this time!” 
He was utterly confident that they would be annihilated. 
Including that madwoman, the One-Eyed Owl! 
The Armored Titans and Titan Killers were formidable forces. 
TL: While it’s technically Shield Armor Titan, I’m pretty sure the author is trying to reference Attack on Titan’s Armored Titan. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 162: Return to the Lolita Kingdom! 
TL: Sungmin 
The next day. 
Lin Tian rode the carnivorous horse he had purchased, gradually distancing himself from the Dragon Slayer Guild. 
Before long, he arrived outside the familiar village. 
“An… Andy!?” 
A woman working in the fields saw him and, terrified, ran away immediately. 
Lin Tian ignored her and called for his dragon. 
A massive shadow sped across the sky. 
Seeing Lin Tian, the dragon became as joyful as a child, rubbing its giant head against him affectionately. 
“Let’s go! Back home!” 
Lin Tian mounted the dragon, feeling the fresh, liberating wind. 
He was completely relaxed. 
The last time he had felt this way was when he had just entered the Great Tomb. 
There was no pressure, no need to be on edge every day. 
Now that his combat power had nearly reached its peak, he believed the Goblin Empire, under Alice’s expansion, had already annexed the Sword Kingdom and the Magic Kingdom. 
He could leave the empire’s development on the back burner for now. 
So, all he needed to focus on was finding a way to evolve; there was no rush. 
“By the way, Xiao Huan, turn around and head for the Rocky Mountains.” 
Suddenly, Lin Tian remembered something. 
He directed the dragon to fly towards the deep mountains. 
Soon, he saw the familiar primeval forest, with its overlapping mountains. 
Everything seemed unchanged. 
He wondered how the Dwarf Kingdom had fared. 
Lin Tian adjusted his Abnormal Fusion skill, selecting the dwarf gene “Dennis” from before. 
In an instant, he transformed into a dwarf. 
“Same old rules—wait here for me.” 
He found the familiar crevice in the rocks and squeezed in. 
He wondered how the Dwarf Empire had changed under the reforms. 
And whether the many seeds he had planted had grown into healthy plants by now. 
He also wondered if Master Bill was still alive. 
The wise man and legendary blacksmith of the Dwarf Kingdom held great value. 
Entering the crevice, he soon stood on a high cliff, peering through the dense foliage to see the grand, bustling Dwarf capital in the distance. 
Lin Tian wondered if his appropriation of so many magical items would have sparked public outrage. 
But with his current strength, there was no need to worry about such things. 
He swaggered right up to the city walls. 
Previously, there hadn’t even been guards. 
Now, rows of well-equipped dwarves stood atop the walls. 
“Who are you?” 
The guard asked mechanically, as if triggered by some protocol. 
Lin Tian pointed to himself, “Me? You don’t recognize me? Dennis, the king consort!” 
He was a nationally renowned figure with many legendary deeds to his name. 
And these idiots didn’t recognize him! 
The guard pondered for a moment, then looked at the others, who all shook their heads. 
“Swish!” 
Immediately, the guard drew an eleventh-tier magical longsword, gleaming brilliantly. 
He questioned sternly, “No dwarves have reported leaving the city recently. I suspect you’re a human spy. By Her Majesty’s orders, all outsiders can be executed on suspicion!” 
“Kill him!” 
Immediately, the dwarven soldiers drew their swords. 
All were armed with eleventh-tier magical weapons. 
Holding their swords like guns, they fired beams of light. 
Each shot blasted a large crater into the ground! 
Lin Tian dodged quickly, not retaliating immediately, puzzled at whether these dwarves had some sort of memory problem. 
It had only been a little over a year, and they didn’t recognize him. 
But something seemed off about these dwarves. 
True dwarves were lazy, carefree, and not at all warlike. 
The ones before him had a look in their eyes that betrayed a deep-seated thirst for battle. 
There was even a hint of savagery. 
Just then, a group of dwarves appeared in the sky, driving roaring war chariots, somewhat similar to Alexander’s. 
They prepared to surround Lin Tian. 
But one round-faced, bearded dwarf poked his head out, his expression changing instantly, “It’s you?!” 
“Master Bill?!” 
Lin Tian recognized him and felt a surge of excitement. 
Finally, someone who knew him. 
Bill quickly signaled everyone to stop, “Hold your fire!” 
“Commander Bill, this person is highly suspicious. We must…,” the guard began to protest. 
But Bill interrupted him, “He’s your father! No, your ancestor!” 
“What!” 
The soldiers were stunned. 
Ancestor?! 
Bill parked the steel, heat-blasting chariot and struggled to climb down, saying, “He’s the goblin, your ancestor. That’s why you’re different from us in some ways.” 
So much time had passed. 
The dwarves had even noticed the differences themselves. 
Being aggressive and battle-hungry was one thing, but they also couldn’t drink as much as purebred dwarves. 
The most crucial difference, however, was the unique ability that came with the Goblin gene. 
Females could get pregnant and give birth within a month, and the offspring would grow up in another month. 
However, this ability would gradually disappear as the gene diluted with each generation. 
“You… you’re really our leader?!” 
Immediately, one of the guards became incredibly excited, the Goblin gene’s inherent obedience kicking in. 
He knelt before Lin Tian. 
The other soldiers quickly followed suit. 
Lin Tian gradually shed his disguise, reverting to his true form. “So, the truth couldn’t be kept hidden, huh? I guess it makes sense. These hybrids may look almost exactly like dwarves, but the gestation period for dwarves is similar to that of humans.” 
“Yes, about a month after you left, when many people in the kingdom started giving birth, some realized it was the work of Goblin genes. And, well, all those women had been with you,” Master Bill said gravely. 
Lin Tian couldn’t help but ask, “Didn’t you guys consider purging these hybrids?” 
Normally, every race would remove hybrids to maintain pure bloodlines. 
Not only did these hybrids survive, but they also became soldiers. 
Bill’s old face showed a hint of helplessness. “Well, the dwarven women who gave birth to these hybrids were too embarrassed to speak out, so they secretly raised them. As it turned out, when they grew up, the hybrid army they formed ended up taking over the royal palace.” 
“In the end, I had to step in and reveal your identity. The hybrid leaders spared the queen and even continued to support her.” 
“And so, the hybrids took root in the Dwarf Kingdom. Due to their natural ferocity and love of battle, they were perfect for the role of guards.” 
“They’ve now formed an army of over ten thousand.” 
Lin Tian immediately understood. An army of over ten thousand, equipped with top-tier magical gear—that’s an incredibly powerful force. 
Soon after, Lin Tian, led by Bill, made his way to the royal palace to meet Queen ‘Adele.’ 
A steady stream of hybrids followed them, eager to catch a glimpse of their ancestor. 
Many female dwarves also went wild, chasing after Lin Tian, but when they saw his true Goblin form, their instincts made them feel a twinge of fear. 
Still, many were bold enough to confront him, saying things like, “You vile man! You got me pregnant in one go and then disappeared without a word!” 
“Look at what you made me give birth to! You owe me another child to make up for it!” 
“Don’t change! I want you just as you are, Goblin! Prince Dennis, I don’t mind; let’s keep making babies together!” 
They weren’t afraid. 
But Lin Tian was! This wasn’t just a group of lolis; they were clearly a bunch of succubi. 
The last time had taught him a painful lesson: when a man ventures out into the world, he must protect himself. 
So, he made a beeline for the royal palace. 
Soon, he met with Adele. 
“Your Majesty, I apologize for deceiving you before.” 
Standing in the grand hall, Lin Tian spoke. 
Seeing Adele in her majestic golden robes, dignified and elegant, he realized that in the year since they last met, she had grown even more into her role as a queen. 
No longer was she the naive, desire-driven young girl she had once been. 
Adele’s lips twitched slightly. “You… are Dennis?” 
Lin Tian nodded. “If Your Majesty wishes to punish me, go ahead. I won’t run away this time.” 
Of course, he said this deliberately. 
He had mastered the art of coaxing and deceiving women. 
If he wanted to make use of the dwarves’ strength, he had to start with Adele. 
Clearly, Adele was somewhat moved. After thinking it over, she said, “Very well. Your presence has actually transformed our Dwarf Kingdom, reviving our forging industry, and the hybrids have taken on the role of warriors…” 
“But why have you returned?” 
This was something she didn’t understand. 
Lin Tian responded seriously, “I’m here to fulfill my promise. I once promised Master Bill that I would lead the dwarves back to the surface, so they wouldn’t have to hide anymore, and wouldn’t fear being enslaved by humans.” 
Bill’s body trembled when he heard this. 
His old face was filled with gratitude and disbelief. “Prince Dennis, you… you really accomplished this?” 
This was not just a dream for the dwarves. 
Many monsters and demi-humans shared this dream. 
Lin Tian nodded and then explained the situation with the Goblin Empire. 
“However, at the moment, I’m not yet confident about taking down the War Empire. But it won’t take too much longer.” 
Bill, filled with excitement, said, “Rest assured! When the time comes to attack the War Empire, we dwarves will give it our all! We’ll show the humans the true power of the dwarves—the terror of being dominated by magical tools!!! What do you think, Your Majesty?” 
“I still choose to trust Dennis. However, before we commit to sending troops, I need to see whether you’ve grown stronger or weaker over this time,” Adele said, her gaze becoming almost dreamy. 
Lin Tian’s lips curled into a slight smile. “It seems Her Majesty is underestimating me. I guarantee to end your year of torment!” 
“Hmph, I’m getting old. Just hearing this makes me uncomfortable. You two go ahead and have fun; I’m not sticking around!” 
Master Bill, speaking in a tone full of sarcasm, slammed the door as he left. 
He almost wished he were a goblin. 
In youth, one doesn’t appreciate their body; in old age, they can only watch their wife and cry. 
The next day, Lin Tian slowly woke up from the soft, comfortable bed. Beside him lay Adele, still asleep. 
Seeing the smile that lingered on her face even as she slept, it was clear that she was very satisfied. 
Lin Tian had also secured military power, becoming a Duke and Commander of the Dwarf Kingdom. 
This immense wealth and power—having a female monarch made things much easier to handle. 
After bidding his farewells, Lin Tian finally left the Dwarf Kingdom. 
There were still many unresolved matters awaiting him back on his side. 
But at least now, he had secured two, perhaps even three, formidable forces as his trump cards for conquering the War Empire. 
The dwarves were one, and then there was the Ironhorn Tribe, which he could potentially sway to his side. 
And lastly, the Dragon Slayer Guild. 
These three forces were not to be underestimated. 
Among them, the most powerful was undoubtedly the Dwarf Kingdom. With their seemingly endless supply of magical tools, it was hard to imagine just how formidable a fully equipped army, capable of waging war on land, sea, and air, would be. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 163: The Request of the Snake-people Tribe 
TL: Sungmin 
Finally, 
Riding the wyvern, Lin Tian arrived within the Goblin Empire. 
On the walls of the royal city. 
A few goblins, upon recognizing Lin Tian, excitedly waved their hands and danced, shouting, “Boss! The Boss is back!” 
“Long live the Boss!” 
This amusing and symbolic scene made Lin Tian feel nostalgic—it had been a long time since he last saw it. 
The goblins, not used to calling him “king,” all referred to Lin Tian as “Boss.” 
After all, goblins had never established a kingdom in history. 
Lin Tian flew directly toward the kingdom’s plaza, where Alice, Gobu Kuang, Gobu Yue, and the others were all waiting to welcome him. 
Their enhanced strength allowed them to hear the familiar sound of wyvern wings from a distance. 
“Welcome, welcome! A warm welcome to the Boss!” 
Gobu Yue, like a little girl, couldn’t close her mouth from smiling, so happy she was. 
She held a wreath and placed it on Lin Tian’s head. 
Gobu Kuang and the others were equally excited, despite their intelligence having grown considerably. 
They all retained their most primal emotions. 
This was what set them apart from humans. 
Humans, as their status, identity, and age grew, often became increasingly indifferent. 
But goblins were different; they didn’t have those emotions tied to saving face. 
They waved their hands and danced, fully expressing their joy. 
Lin Tian was also in a good mood but said, “Gobu Yue, you’re making it seem like I just returned from a war.” 
“Blah, blah, blah! It’s been almost half a month since I last saw you, isn’t it okay to miss you?” Gobu Yue stuck out her little tongue as she spoke. 
At this moment, Alice spoke solemnly, “Messenger, according to your instructions, we have captured the major cities of the Sword Kingdom and the Magic Kingdom. As for the remaining small towns, they are insignificant, so we haven’t attacked them yet. The main forces are stationed in other important strategic towns.” 
The Magic Kingdom, though divided into Clover and Shamrock factions, was essentially one city with two kings. 
There wasn’t much difference between them. 
Lin Tian was quite satisfied but still said, “Alice, my comrade, there’s no need to be so serious on an occasion like this. Let’s enjoy ourselves a bit; I’ve gained a lot from this trip, so let’s celebrate today.” 
But Alice remained just as serious. “Messenger, after the celebration, you should still take a look at the captured Child of the Evil God, who is, after all, your child.” 
Upon hearing this. 
Lin Tian’s expression also turned serious. “Did you capture him? That guy must have been tough to deal with.” 
“Indeed, after devouring hundreds of thousands of people, his body grew to a height of a hundred meters. He even attracted the aberrant Evil God. It was thanks to Sylph’s sealing magic that we managed to capture him.” 
As Alice explained, she recounted the entire process. 
Lin Tian was somewhat surprised. “Impressive, Alice, my comrade! Even the Wind Spirit has contracted with you. However, we must indeed be wary of that Atoreya fellow.” 
Although Sylph advocated for peace. 
Compared to the threat posed by the goblins, she would rather sacrifice herself to suppress Atoreya. If he were to revive, the consequences would be unimaginable. 
Darkspawn had the power to awaken other deceased Darkspawn. 
One could become two, two could become three; just one was terrifying, but a group would bring endless suffering to the world. 
Immediately, Alice instructed Sylph to undo the sealing magic and release the Child of the Evil God. 
Sylph, however, resisted strongly. “If he is released, he might escape and attract aberrant entities once again.” 
“Don’t worry; just aim the exit toward this magic array,” Lin Tian said. 
He had already asked Cassandra to cast holy sealing magic, with Ifreya’s help. 
Even at her peak, Veronica would find it difficult to escape. 
Looking at the magnificent five-layered magic array before him, Sylph finally felt assured and began to lift the seal. 
Because she had been maintaining the seal, it continuously consumed her strength. 
From the pitch-black sealing array, the Child of the Evil God burst out frantically! 
“Save me, Father, Mother!” 
But as soon as he emerged, he was bound tightly by golden magic chains. 
He couldn’t move. 
The Child of the Evil God, filled with fear, looked around, emitting a piercing, chilling cry, “Save me, Mother! I am your child! Can you feel my presence?” 
Even Veronica, in the dungeon, sensed it. “An aberrant? And an extremely powerful one at that. Has the Black Goat Spawn really hatched into a new aberrant?” 
The more she thought about it, the more terrifying she found that goblin. 
Lin Tian, sensing that the situation was deteriorating, hurriedly said, “Little one, look at me! I am your father! Stop this nonsense!” 
If this continued, it would be disastrous if the Black Goat Mother Goddess were drawn out. 
According to Alice, that Evil God’s power was on a level of overwhelming devastation. 
Upon hearing this. 
The Child of the Evil God examined Lin Tian with his eerie striped eyes. “You are not my father! How could I have a father like you?” 
“Smack!” 
Lin Tian slapped him across the face on the spot. 
A rebellious son needed to be disciplined. 
Discipline produced filial piety. 
As he spoke, he pulled out the Spear of Zeus and began electrocuting him without mercy. 
Seeing this. 
Alice and the others were very puzzled. “Messenger, why can you keep looking at this creature without your mental strength being affected?” 
This question suddenly made Lin Tian realize something. 
He hadn’t even noticed it himself. 
He remembered that Rebecca had gone completely mad after just a few glances. 
Now, he had been staring at it for quite some time, and had even beaten it to the point where it was trembling on the ground. 
The Child of the Evil God also noticed this and, convinced, said, “Alright, alright, Father, I acknowledge that you are my father. I won’t dare argue with you anymore.” 
Seeing its sincere plea for mercy, Lin Tian was finally satisfied. “Hmph, be obedient from now on, got it?” 
“Mm, mm, mm! But, Father, could you release me? It’s really uncomfortable and painful like this…” The Child of the Evil God nodded vigorously, speaking pitifully. 
But Lin Tian didn’t agree. 
This guy seemed very cunning and was a significant threat. If he turned hostile and didn’t recognize anyone, without the undead army, this city might be destroyed. 
For now, Lin Tian could only temporarily imprison him. “Because of your special nature, I can only keep you sealed here for the time being. But remember, no shouting or making a fuss. I’ll take care of your food needs as well.” 
“When will you let me out, Father?” the Child of the Evil God asked, confused. 
Lin Tian thought for a moment. It was indeed a tricky situation, and he didn’t dare release him lightly. 
He had originally thought of using him when attacking the War Empire. 
But now, that idea had to be put aside. 
He could only say, “Soon. I’ll come to visit you every day, and I’ll even find you some playmates. Just stay here peacefully.” 
The Child of the Evil God became very quiet and nodded vigorously. 
He seemed like a really well-behaved child now, very obedient. 
Lin Tian felt relieved. “Alright, let’s go. Let’s relax for a bit.” 
“Boss, about relaxing, you might want to hold off for a moment. Over the past few days, we’ve received over a dozen demi-human leaders who want to join the empire,” Gobu Yue said helplessly from the side. 
They didn’t have the final say, so they temporarily arranged for those demi-human leaders to stay within the empire, waiting for Lin Tian to return and resolve the matter. 
Alice also spoke up, “We haven’t dealt with the issues of the Sword Kingdom and the Magic Kingdom either.” 
“Damn, are they trying to work me to death?” Lin Tian felt exhausted. 
Helplessly, he said, “Round up the people of those two kingdoms and use them as food for the Child of the Evil God. Doesn’t he need a large amount of flesh and blood?” 
Sylph immediately rushed out, a fierce wind rising. “You demon! Lunatic! What are you saying? Four or five million people, to be used as food for an aberration?” 
“Father! Thank you! That’s wonderful!” The Child of the Evil God licked his lips greedily from the side. 
But Sylph, as an elemental spirit who advocated for world peace, could not stand by and watch such a thing happen. 
She even questioned Alice, “Are you really willing to associate with such a demon?” 
“I don’t know if he’s a demon, but the gods have told me that what he does is right,” Alice replied with an indifferent expression, her voice full of unwavering conviction. 
Lin Tian coldly retorted, “Then what do you suggest? Let them live with the monsters? Do you think that’s possible?” 
“This…” 
Sylph was momentarily at a loss for words. 
But soon, she seemed to calm down. “Fine, perhaps I’ve spent too much time living among humans, so I feel empathy for them. The struggle between monsters and humans is just how it is.” 
Remembering past memories, she suddenly felt relieved. 
Humans had also slaughtered monsters in large numbers, even organizing a century-long monster-cleansing coalition. 
During that time, monsters were nearly wiped out. 
The current variety of demi-humans numbered only a few thousand. 
There had once been tens of thousands of species, with 80% being driven to extinction. 
Peace. 
It was the peace of the world. As long as the situation remained under control, that was enough. 
“I knew it. It would have been strange if you didn’t understand me,” Lin Tian said calmly. 
Sylph had previously been able to decisively leave Edward because she hadn’t developed deep feelings for the Sword Kingdom or Edward. 
Compared to world peace, nothing else mattered. 
Lin Tian then instructed, “Alice, take me to meet the other demi-human leaders.” 
“Mm.” 
Gobu Yue led the way, speaking as she did. “These demi-humans look really strange. There are snake-people, catgirls, rabbitfolk, swan-people, and so on. I never knew there were such amazing races before!” 
They quickly arrived at the area where the centaurs were located. 
Most of the demi-humans had been arranged to stay in this area. 
Seeing Lin Tian, Fiona quickly came forward to greet him. “Goblin Majesty, you’ve returned.” 
“Mm. Where are the other demi-human leaders? I suppose you’ve gotten to know them well by now,” Lin Tian said as he glanced around. 
Mostly centaurs were moving about or caring for their pregnant members. 
All of these centaurs were now carrying hybrid offspring, and it wouldn’t be long before they gave birth. 
Fiona pointed to a few wooden houses ahead. “They’re resting there. I’ll take you to them. There’s no need to trouble yourself, Princess Gobu Yue.” 
“No worries. I like being with the Boss,” Gobu Yue said with a giggle. 
Following her lead, they arrived at one of the wooden houses. Fiona knocked on the door, “Chief Louise, His Majesty the Goblin has returned. Please come out.” 
Suddenly, there was a clattering noise from inside. 
It sounded like something had shattered. 
A white-haired woman, dressed in a thin gauzy robe, opened the door to greet them, forcing a smile. “I’m here, I’m here.” 
There was a hint of panic on her fair face. 
Hearing that Lin Tian had arrived, she seemed momentarily at a loss. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 164: More Demi-Humans Join, Rapid Economic Development! 
TL: Sungmin 
Lin Tian couldn’t help but let his gaze travel downward as he looked at the beautiful woman before him. 
Beneath her pear-shaped, full hips was a long, purple snake tail. 
This must be the snake-people race that Gobu Yue mentioned earlier. 
Among demi-human races, they were fairly common, though relatively weak in power. They were skilled in using poisons and concocting potions. 
The most famous of them was a snake-woman priestess named “Annabelle.” 
It was said that she could craft all kinds of god-level potions. 
These were far superior to super potions, and no one in the current world could replicate them. 
Unfortunately, she was later hunted down by humans and committed suicide. 
Annabelle’s emergence was a miracle in the history of the world. 
But for the snake-people, it was a catastrophe. Large numbers of them were captured and enslaved by humans, forced to make potions. 
Many were worked to death, or were beaten to death if they failed to produce potions. 
Looking at Lin Tian, Louise’s youthful and innocent face was full of confusion, her forehead already beaded with fragrant sweat. 
Her breathing was rapid. 
She stammered for a long time, “I, I…” 
Lin Tian perked up his ears, slightly raising an eyebrow as he watched her. 
He found it amusing and cute. 
Fiona quickly comforted her, “Don’t be nervous. Just tell His Majesty the Goblin whatever you need to say.” 
Louise took a deep breath. 
She tugged at her throat, as if trying to force the words out. 
But still, she deflated. 
Lin Tian was starting to grow impatient, “What exactly are you trying to say? If it weren’t for the fact that you’re good-looking, I wouldn’t have the patience to stand here.” 
Hearing this, Louise was on the verge of tears. 
She was terribly frightened, “Please don’t say that, I, I…” 
“Goblin Majesty, yes, yes, I’m Louise, representing the snake-people to greet you. We hope to r-receive your protection. Yes, that’s right, the snake-people are now hiding everywhere, and food has become scarce. So, yes, we hope to receive your protection…” 
Watching Louise stumble over her words, Lin Tian couldn’t help but feel a bit like laughing. 
He couldn’t resist asking, “Are you the leader of the snake-people?” 
Louise shook her head so vigorously that it almost became a blur. 
Seeing this, Lin Tian understood that the snake-people were being very cautious, likely sending a clueless youngster to test the waters. 
They weren’t afraid of messing things up at all. 
“Please, Lord Goblin, as long as you can protect us, I’m willing to do anything!” 
Louise shut her eyes tightly, clasping her fair hands together in a pleading gesture. 
Lin Tian teased, “Oh really? Then why are you just standing there? Take it off.” 
“Take it off? What do you mean, Goblin Majesty?” 
Louise was stunned, her large, beautiful eyes wide with confusion. 
She had lived her whole life within the snake-people tribe. 
She knew almost nothing about the outside world, let alone matters like these. 
Fiona’s expression changed slightly, “Goblin Majesty, she still seems like a child who doesn’t understand anything. Although she’s not really a child anymore, if you do that, you’ll scare her.” 
“She said it herself, so why don’t you just explain to her what she needs to do?” 
Lin Tian grinned, his eyes full of malice as he stared at her. 
His gaze made Louise shrink back like a frightened mouse. 
Gobu Yue, standing nearby, pouted, “Hmph, Boss is so bad. She looks so pitiful.” 
Fiona sighed helplessly and explained it to Louise. 
“Understand?” 
“Huh? What’s reproduction? And what does having children mean? Aren’t children just refreshed out of nowhere?” 
Louise asked, completely puzzled. 
This left Fiona at a loss for words. 
She finally dropped her smile, pointed a finger at Louise’s lower abdomen, then at Lin Tian’s. 
Then she suddenly brought her fingers together, “Got it?” 
Louise scratched her head, her hair getting all tangled, “What’s the point of doing that?” 
Seeing how clueless she was, Fiona was utterly speechless, “Are the snake-people really playing games with their own race, sending a fool like this?” 
“Huh?” 
Louise seemed to grasp that last bit. 
At this moment. 
Two small dogs in the distance sniffed each other and immediately got busy. 
Fiona’s eyes lit up, and she pointed, “It’s like that, understand, Louise? Just think of yourself as that white puppy being mounted.” 
“What?!!!” 
Suddenly. 
Louise was flustered and at a complete loss, her snake tail swishing back and forth, accidentally knocking over a table in the room. 
She turned to clean up but ended up hitting Fiona in the face a few times with her tail. 
Seeing how clumsy she was, Lin Tian couldn’t take it anymore. He grabbed her soft tail tip directly. 
“Ah!” 
In an instant, Louise’s whole body shivered, her muscles contracting, “N-no, don’t grab my tail, it feels so strange, Goblin Majesty…”  
Seeing her flushed face and her pitiful appearance, drenched in fragrant sweat. 
Lin Tian let go and said, “Alright, I was just teasing you. Go back and tell your leader that I can protect the snake-people, but in return, you’ll need to make potions for us. However, it won’t be forced; it’s voluntary.” 
“Okay, th-thank you, Goblin Majesty! I’ll go right away!” 
Louise’s eyes sparkled with excitement, revealing two small, sharp fangs filled with gratitude. 
Her tail swished as she quickly rushed out of the city. 
Hearing this, Fiona couldn’t help but feel a little upset. “Goblin Majesty, why did you treat me that way when I sought protection, but with the snake-people, you…” 
“The snake-people can make potions, while you only need to give birth to a few children. Besides, do you really have the heart to keep bullying that fool?” Lin Tian replied, somewhat exasperated. 
“Achoo!” 
Outside the city, the delighted Louise sneezed, but she didn’t pay much attention to it. 
She continued to grin from ear to ear, humming a tune as she headed back to the snake-people’s stronghold. 
Fiona, hearing this, chose not to say anything more. 
Suddenly, there was movement, and the demi-humans in the wooden huts began to emerge. 
Leading the excited group was the catgirl chieftain, with her furry beast ears and slender, delicate body. 
Her movements were much like a cat’s—extremely cute. 
“Goblin Majesty, meow, I’m Sophia, meow! You’ve finally arrived, meow!” 
The catgirl chieftain said, playfully acting cute. 
Lin Tian felt like he was about to melt—who could resist a demi-human who acted like a kitten? 
Her tail swayed back and forth around him, almost as if she was purring. 
This cat would definitely be a delight to pet! 
But first, he asked, “So, are you also here seeking protection?” 
“Something like that, meow! But we won’t freeload off Goblin Majesty, meow! We plan to run a cat café, earn money, and pay it to Your Majesty, meow!” 
Sophia tilted her head as she spoke, continuing to act cute. 
Without hesitation, Lin Tian agreed, “Approved!” 
Upon hearing this, Sophia was overjoyed. “Thank you, Goblin Majesty, meow! You must come to the café to pet us, meow meow meow!” 
Lin Tian nodded in satisfaction, then glanced around. “And what about you?” 
He hadn’t noticed before, but standing nearby was a lady in black stockings, with such seductive legs that he wanted to reach out and touch them. 
Not to mention the pair of incredibly cute ears. 
And the irresistible red high heels that surely concealed a pair of delicate feet. 
This must be the rabbit-woman tribe. 
The bunny girl quickly spoke in a sultry, yet gentle voice, “Goblin Majesty, I wish to open a tavern with my people. We’ll pay gold to Your Majesty, and whenever Your Majesty visits, drinks will be free. Also, we’ll provide s-p-e-c-i-a-l services!” 
The bunny girl deliberately emphasized the word “special.” 
Lin Tian slapped his thigh in approval. “Approved!” 
The main reason was that all of these ventures could generate economic benefits for the empire—the more, the better! 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 165: The Yeti Tribe, Snow Crystal Stone Production Line! 
TL: Sungmin 
“Goblin Majesty, the Spider Tribe can produce spider silk and craft soft armor equivalent to the twelfth tier for you, but it takes a long time to make just one.” 
A spider girl with eight long legs pleaded earnestly. 
Looking at those eight beautiful red eyes, Lin Tian nodded in agreement, “Not bad, the soft armor from your Spider Tribe is quite valuable.” 
Then, another monster covered in thick fur approached. 
Lin Tian had noticed it earlier in the Great Tomb Forest; it was from the Werewolf Tribe, an eleventh-tier monster. 
However, the Werewolf King before him seemed to have already evolved to the twelfth tier. 
The Werewolf King stood nearly five meters tall, with massive muscles, and its fur was as hard as steel needles. 
The stench of blood reeking from it was terrifying and overwhelming. 
Nevertheless, it respectfully bowed its head to Lin Tian, “Greetings to the great Goblin Majesty. The Werewolf Tribe has over three hundred females who can breed hybrid goblins for you. We don’t mind at all.” 
Seeing how sensible it was and considering its strength, which was about on par with Fiona’s, around nine thousand, Lin Tian agreed as well. 
Even the formidable Troll Tribe had joined the Goblin ranks. 
The smallest among them stood over three meters tall, with armor-like tough lumps covering their bodies, and mouths full of black teeth. 
Lin Tian also accepted them into his empire. 
Once these male monsters had bred enough goblins over a few generations, they could be cleared out or sent off as cannon fodder. 
There was no point in keeping them otherwise. 
They could not generate any economic benefit, and keeping them would even be a threat. 
Different species harbor different intentions. 
This was not only a common saying in the human world but even more so in the monster world. 
At this moment. 
A monster somewhat resembling Rebecca flew over from a distance. Its cool and refreshing attire was barely held together by a few black leather straps, leaving one fearing that any slight movement might reveal everything. 
The playful heart-shaped tail swayed back and forth coquettishly. 
Lin Tian frowned slightly. A Succubus?! 
How could a succubus be here? Wasn’t this a species from Hell? 
He couldn’t help but be on guard; these creatures were notoriously seductive and immensely powerful. 
“Your Majesty! Goblin Majesty! I want to join your empire too!”  
The succubus girl waved her hand excitedly. 
Her voice was so sweet, so beautiful. 
Just listening to it made one feel like they were ascending to the heavens. 
Many young centaurs were scolded by their parents, “Don’t look, don’t look, go back.” 
“Dad, I’m going to the bathroom!” 
“Brat, I’m going too.” 
… 
Lin Tian asked in confusion, “Why are you succubi coming to my empire? Isn’t Hell a good place for you? You’re not afraid of anyone attacking you there.” 
Hell was full of monsters. 
But only a few, like the succubi, could ascend to the surface. 
It’s said that even God was tempted by the beauty of the succubi, which is why He didn’t seal them away. 
With that figure, and such fair skin… even God wouldn’t be able to resist. 
Hearing this, the succubus girl giggled, “We also want to find a stable place to live. It’s a hassle to keep running around just to get enough to eat. If we could open a succubus parlor in your empire, that would be perfect!” 
“You want to open a shop too?” 
Lin Tian was a bit surprised. 
But opening a shop wasn’t a bad idea; it would make the empire more vibrant and diverse. 
It was too cold-blooded as it was, and he would find it boring and uninteresting. 
So he agreed. 
The succubus girl was overjoyed and gave Lin Tian a kiss, “Thank you, Your Majesty. Remember to visit often; no charge!” 
“Alright, I’ll be your first customer,” Lin Tian said with a mischievous smile. 
The succubus girl blushed slightly, “You tease, how about you take care of me right now?” 
As she spoke, she tugged on a strap in front of her and flicked it. 
“I can’t hold it anymore, I need to go to the bathroom!” 
“The bathroom’s full!” 
“What are they doing in there?!” 
It wasn’t just the centaurs; other male demi-humans were also becoming increasingly restless. 
Lin Tian still had matters to attend to, so he said, “Alright, I’ll come on your opening day.” 
“No problem!” 
The succubus girl said, then opened the gate to Hell and flew back. 
Meanwhile. 
Many other demi-human tribes had also arrived. 
Like the Mountain Sparrow Tribe, the Flower People Tribe, the Tree People Tribe, the Rain Tribe, and so on. 
Those who could work were allowed to stay; those who were of no use were immediately issued an expulsion order. 
This place was not a refugee camp. 
“Goblin Majesty, the youth of our Tree People Tribe can grow to twenty or thirty meters tall. They are excellent in sieging and assaults. Please shelter us!” The expelled Tree People elder pleaded. 
This tree person looked like it was already withering, with cracked bark all over its face and body. 
Its size was quite large, about ten meters tall. 
But it seemed so fragile that a light touch might break it. 
Hearing this, Lin Tian’s expression turned icy. “I’ll say it one last time—those who need to leave, leave. If you try to cling to me, don’t blame me for being ruthless.” 
The Tree People Tribe did indeed grow large during their youth. 
But it took them hundreds of years to grow from a sapling, and they had no way to reproduce. 
Only a madman would raise them for hundreds of years for nothing. 
At this moment, the Tree People elder was filled with despair, but he still wasn’t willing to give up. “Goblin Majesty, how can you be so heartless? Weren’t you once the lowest of all monsters? Don’t you know how helpless it feels to be weak? Please, save us!” 
“Are you trying to guilt-trip me?” 
Lin Tian narrowed his eyes, and a murderous intent began to emanate from him. 
Many other demi-humans were nearby, reluctant to leave, hoping to linger. 
The Tree People elder, with a defiant snort, began to root his tangled feet into the ground. 
“Hmph! Goblin Majesty, you forced me to this. If you’re so cold and unfeeling, then I won’t leave!” 
“Hmph! When I was a lowly goblin, did anyone protect me?!” 
Lin Tian couldn’t help but recall his humiliating past when he first transmigrated. 
To survive in a small tribe, he ate pig bristles and slept in an open-air dog kennel. 
If it weren’t for Gobu Yue, he wouldn’t have even had the pig bristles to eat. 
Bit by bit, he had built himself up. 
Slowly, he pulled out his elemental crossbow and adjusted it to the fire element setting. 
“Swoosh!” 
A fireball shot out. The Tree People Tribe’s greatest nemesis was fire! 
The Tree People elder, terrified, tried to flee, but it was too late. He had rooted himself so deeply that he had effectively jumped into the fire pit himself. 
He was instantly ignited! 
Even though his combat strength was over five thousand, he couldn’t resist the flames’ devouring. 
The older the tree, the more susceptible it was to fire because it burned more easily. 
“Ahh! Damn goblin! What have you done? It hurts so much!” 
The massive body burned with flames. 
The old voice kept howling in agony. 
The other demi-humans were terrified. Those who had been expelled immediately bolted, not daring to linger any longer. 
In just a few moments, the Tree People elder was reduced to a pile of ashes on the ground, scattered by the wind. 
This was a clear example to others. 
However, there was still one demi-human monster who refused to leave. 
“Goblin Majesty, our Yeti Tribe can store food and meat for you. Please don’t drive us away! We can also create extreme cold defensive zones to contribute to future battles for the empire.” 
A snowman with a carrot nose pleaded. 
Its hands were just tree branches pieced together, and it was a wonder it could speak and move at all. 
Getting close to it made the air feel extremely cold. 
Although the Yeti Tribe’s ability was impressive, if they entered the city in large numbers, the entire city would turn into an icy wasteland. 
It would be foolish to keep them. 
Lin Tian was about to melt it when he suddenly had an idea. “You can create extreme cold zones?” 
“Yes, yes! Exactly!” 
The Yeti elder quickly replied, full of respect. 
Lin Tian’s eyes lit up. “Alright, you can stay, but you’ll have to live in the mountains behind the empire. That area is near the Enchanted Forest, but you’re not worried about being attacked?” 
Despite this, the Yeti elder was overjoyed. “Thank you, Goblin Majesty! Thank you so much!!!” 
As long as they weren’t disturbed by powerful monsters or captured by humans to be used as freezers, they were content. 
Lin Tian was just as pleased. 
Yeti and snow spirits together… 
Couldn’t they mass-produce snow crystal stones? 
Upgrading goblin soldiers would be as easy as running a production line. 
As long as the Yeti Tribe created large-scale extreme cold zones, many snow spirits would be born. 
Lin Tian then explained his plan to Gobu Yue. “This task is yours to handle. Once you’re done, I’ll help you improve your strength.” 
“Boss, you’re so smart! It doesn’t matter if my strength improves or not; I don’t like fighting and killing.” 
Gobu Yue smiled broadly, seemingly enjoying the work. 
Lin Tian nodded. Although she said this, he still intended to help her increase her strength. 
Her potential even surpassed his own. 
It’s just that he hadn’t had the time until now. 
Before long, the entire Serpent Tribe arrived with the snake beauty Louise. 
The leader of the Serpent Tribe, an elderly woman, was extremely excited. “Goblin Majesty, you are truly kind! We will surely brew many potions for you! Louise, aren’t you going to properly thank him?” 
“Hmm?” 
Louise, flicking her red forked tongue, was momentarily stunned. She quickly bowed in thanks. 
The other members of the Serpent Tribe also expressed their gratitude. 
If they had legs, they would have knelt down. 
Lin Tian looked at Fiona. “Come on, you’ve been around the capital for a while now. Take them and get them settled.” 
“Me? Is that alright?” Fiona was a bit puzzled. 
Behind them, the centaurs and others were equally surprised. The meaning of his words was not ordinary. 
It meant she had been accepted into the inner circle. 
Recognized by the Goblin Empire! 
Lin Tian replied irritably, “What, you don’t want to do some work for my Goblin Empire?” 
“Of course I do, Your Majesty!” Fiona’s beautiful eyes were filled with emotion and gratitude. 
This meant that the Centaur Tribe had taken a significant step forward on the path to rising. 
The other demi-humans were also extremely happy and excited. “Oh my, this Goblin Majesty is so much better than I imagined!” 
“Being able to survive in the Goblin Empire is an honor for us, meow!” 
“Everyone, we must work hard and sincerely repay Goblin Majesty. We can also be recognized like the Centaur Tribe!” 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 166: Great Empire Visit, Cooperation or Declaration of War? 
TL: Sungmin 
Seeing the demi-humans so full of energy, 
Lin Tian was able to relax. 
It was time to take a break. 
In the blink of an eye, half a month had passed. 
During this time, the Goblin Empire gradually accepted dozens of demi-human tribes! 
More than a hundred came seeking asylum. 
Furthermore, many demi-humans and high-intelligence monsters specifically migrated to the Enchanted Forest from distant lands. 
They didn’t want to join the Goblin Empire but understood the benefits of seeking shelter under a great tree. 
The main reason was that Lin Tian had opened up a trade market for monster races. 
As long as they were demi-humans or high-intelligence monsters, 
They could enter the Goblin Empire to trade, though they were forbidden from disrupting the lives of the humans within the empire. Violators would be killed. 
Suddenly, 
The capital saw a daily traffic of over a million! Countless monsters engaged in entertainment, trade, and life here. 
Even the surrounding towns were bustling. 
The earliest demi-humans had adapted with Fiona’s help and began developing their businesses. 
The Snake People specialized in concocting potions for sale, though they handed over the most precious ones to Lin Tian. 
The Catgirls, as expected, opened a cat cafe. 
The Rabbitfolk’s tavern business was incredibly booming; they had already opened seven branches and still couldn’t keep up. 
Lin Tian was somewhat at a loss as he watched the Goblin Empire transform drastically. 
Alice hurried into the royal hall, “Messenger, the city can no longer accommodate so many people. Should we consider expanding?” 
“That’s not a problem. Arrange for Gobu Kuang and the others to lead more goblins to work on expansion.” 
Lin Tian replied, while he pondered the issue of taxation. 
Because the daily revenue was just too enormous! 
The Succubi’s pleasure house alone generated a daily income of ten thousand gold coins! Many demi-humans traveled long distances just to visit. 
Since Lin Tian imposed a tax, the Succubi used their charms to drain their clients’ wallets. 
Though it was steep, those who had visited couldn’t seem to stay away, as if they were addicted, feeling restless if they didn’t go even for a day. 
Moreover, the Rabbitfolk’s tavern, 
Generated a daily income of two thousand gold coins! 
The cat cafe, potion shops, individual stalls selling rare minerals, materials, or game. 
All combined, the daily economic flow exceeded thirty thousand gold coins. 
Although it was still not comparable to those great empires, 
This was just the beginning. 
“Forget it, 70% tax is too high. Let’s make it 50%.” 
Lin Tian thought it over and finally decided. 
This tax rate was still considerably higher than the 30% imposed by those great empires, but he believed no one would refuse. 
He then prepared to convene a meeting. 
Every demi-human or high-intelligence monster tribe was to send a representative to the kingdom’s square. 
Notices were also posted at the city gates. 
In an instant, 
The entire square became lively. 
Over a hundred types of demi-humans and monsters gathered. 
“Yo! Goblin Majesty, didn’t you promise to visit before? Why haven’t you come?” 
The Succubus from before flew around Lin Tian. 
Catgirl Sophia added, “Your Majesty, I’m the owner and don’t rent out my body, but I’ve been waiting for you to pet me, meow!” 
Other representatives also flattered Lin Tian. 
Lin Tian cleared his throat; responding to each one would waste too much time. 
He directly said, “This time, I mainly want to announce the taxation issue. You all must have made quite a bit of money recently, right?” 
Upon hearing this, 
Everyone quieted down, not daring to meet Lin Tian’s gaze. 
When money was mentioned, they all became strangers. 
Even demi-humans and monsters used gold coins as currency in the demi-human kingdoms. 
The Goblin Empire was the first of its kind, but that didn’t mean other demi-humans and monsters hadn’t established kingdoms. 
For instance, the Ant Tribe Empire was one of the top monster kingdoms. 
Its national strength even far surpassed that of the War Empire. 
Gold coins could be used there. 
Additionally, many humans secretly traded with demi-humans and monsters. 
So they came not only for asylum but also to make a living. 
“That’s right, that’s right, we made over thirty thousand gold coins! Let’s give it all to Your Majesty!” 
The Succubus said with a cheerful smile. 
Money was useless to the Succubi; they only craved glamor. 
Catgirl Sophia wasn’t as generous, “Taxation is normal. Your Majesty, just tell us how much, and we’ll pay it.” 
Other demi-humans and monsters echoed this sentiment. 
Though they weren’t happy about it, they didn’t dare neglect Lin Tian. 
At least here, they could survive. 
In just over a year, the goblins had risen and destroyed three empires. 
The future was indeed promising. 
Only then did Lin Tian announce, “Alright, starting today, you won’t need to back-pay for the past half month. Afterward, you must pay 70% in taxes every month!” 
For humans, handing over food was more than enough. 
The land they cultivated was expanding, and many families were even raising goblins as their own children. 
This was because goblins were very hardworking. 
As for gold coins and wealth, it was up to the demi-humans and monsters to contribute. 
Given the goblins’ nature, they would certainly demand full payment from them. 
However, that would be impossible; if everything were handed over, the empire’s economy would stagnate, leaving no one to consume or do business. 
Income would drop to zero. 
So, to increase the empire’s treasury and purchase unique goods from other empires, this method was necessary. 
For example, the War Empire sold Titan genes externally, charging five hundred thousand gold coins each time. 
However, the purity was only 50%. 
Then there was the Giant Elephant Empire, which had a unique magic that could animate statues and inanimate objects. 
This was called ‘Magic Puppet.’ 
The larger ones could crush armies in battle; the most expensive Magic Puppet was said to sell for over a billion gold coins. 
It was unimaginable. 
Moreover, with money, they could purchase upgrade items like Snow Crystals from other empires. 
Therefore, money was extremely important. 
But upon hearing this, the demi-humans and monsters couldn’t sit still. 
“70%! That’s way too much!” 
“No country taxes this much, and Your Majesty, raising goblins doesn’t even require financial support!” 
“We already produce hybrid goblins for you, and now we have to pay such a high tax, it’s just too much…” 
All of them were crestfallen, their faces filled with worry. 
Seventy percent was indeed ruthless. 
Seeing them all pleading, Lin Tian finally said, “Since you’re refugees and life isn’t easy, let’s change it to 50%. If anyone has an objection, feel free to leave.” 
“No problem, meow! Your Majesty really is kind, meow!” 
Sophia’s previously dim eyes were now filled with light once more! 
She was overjoyed. 
The other demi-humans had expressions of relief, as if they had narrowly escaped disaster. 
They were very happy. 
Lin Tian had always intended to set the tax at 50%, but he feared they might haggle, so he initially proposed 70%. 
This bargaining tactic turned out to be far more effective than expected. 
It even made these folks revere him even more. 
The image of goblins as evil, cruel creatures loathed by everyone was beginning to change. 
However, this change was only among his own people. 
Lin Tian then dismissed them. 
As for the Succubus pleasure house, he wouldn’t visit such a place. If he were to be charmed with ill intent, it would be too late for regrets. 
There were many stories in history of kings being controlled by Succubi. 
The cat cafe and such could wait for later. 
“Ugh, I’m exhausted. There’s more work than I imagined.” 
Returning to the royal throne, Lin Tian let out a long sigh. 
Establishing an empire 
Was indeed not as comfortable as living in a tribe, where he could kill, burn, and plunder whenever he wanted. 
But now, these things could be accomplished with just a word. 
However, 
Once the empire’s strength was sufficient, he could launch wars. 
In the dimly lit throne room, 
Lin Tian’s face was full of an evil smile. 
He already started to miss the feeling of slaughter, the sound of enemies wailing and crying. 
Next time, 
It wouldn’t be like the Laiyang Plains, where he had to gamble without certainty, resulting in a situation where he couldn’t defeat anyone. 
He had to endure. 
Next time, he would conquer lands with the absolute power of a strong ruler. 
Thinking this, 
He picked up an ancient book beside him, a human-written work about goblins. 
He hoped to find a way to evolve. 
But at this moment, 
The Goblin Slayer and Lia quietly entered. 
Seeing the expressions on their faces, Lin Tian knew a fierce battle was coming. 
Goblin Slayer coquettishly said, “Little Tian, Little Tian-Tian? Did you miss me? I’ve missed you for so long. This time, I’ll definitely teach you a lesson!” 
“Sorry, Boss, I won’t be holding back either!” Lia added. 
Lin Tian shrugged and set the book down, “Hmph, taking care of the two of you is easy!” 
Just as they were about to get started, 
Alice pushed the door open and entered, looking at the three of them in the cold and dark throne room, sensing the atmosphere was off. 
A cold glint flashed in her eyes, “Messenger, what are you all doing here?” 
“Nothing, is there something you need?” Lin Tian asked, puzzled. 
Alice pushed the matter aside and insisted, “I don’t have any pressing issues. How about we talk about what’s going on with you first?” 
Lia, helpless, sighed, “Then, Princess Alice, do you want to…” 
“Yes…” 
Before she could finish, Alice blushed, biting her lip as she spoke. 
She already understood what was going on. 
Goblin Slayer shrugged, “You always keep such a stern face, Princess Alice. Why are you so shy at a time like this?” 
“I…” 
Alice hesitated, unsure of what to say. 
Lin Tian couldn’t help but feel amused, but at least it seemed that Alice had already been won over by him. 
In private, she was entirely different from her usual self. 
After the situation settled down, 
Alice suddenly remembered, “Messenger, there are several envoys from other empires who have come and wish to cooperate with us.” 
“Cooperate? Are they humans or monsters?” 
Lin Tian asked with mild surprise. 
Alice explained, “They’re all from human empires. And as far as I know, two of them are from great empires, not any weaker than the War Empire.” 
Since they had come, 
Lin Tian was also curious to see what they were up to. 
Humans, actively seeking to cooperate with goblins, 
It was practically unheard of. 
It was the perfect opportunity to inquire more about the War Empire in detail. 
The sooner he could start a war, the sooner he could reunite with the Dragon Slayer Guild. 
If that group could be fully integrated into the empire, 
The strength would increase significantly. 
With that in mind, he hurried towards the empire’s external council hall, where Alice had already taken the envoys. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 167: The Unequal Treaty of the Three Great Empires! 
TL: Sungmin 
“The king of this Goblin Empire, is he truly so rude?” 
“We’ve been waiting for nearly three hours. This is far too disrespectful towards our Giant Elephant Empire!” 
“Everyone, please be patient. After all, we’re the ones holding the knives. Do you really think the fish on the chopping board can escape?” 
At a large council table. 
Three middle-aged men, each wearing black and gold ceremonial robes and displaying different expressions, were seated. Some were angry, others had a malicious grin. 
But all wore an expression of arrogance on their faces. 
Simply put, it was the contempt of the powerful towards the weak. 
These three men hailed from the Giant Elephant Empire, with one named Wells. 
The Giant Elephant Empire boasted military strength equivalent to that of the War Empire, with a million elite soldiers. 
However, with the addition of their mastery over magical puppets, the Giant Elephant Empire was much more formidable in terms of siege warfare. 
The second man was an envoy from the Holy Tree Empire, Lepia. 
The Holy Tree Empire did not possess great military strength for external wars, but even if two great empires joined forces, they couldn’t match it on its own turf. 
The concept of a great empire was defined by having a million elite soldiers—troops who were not ordinary soldiers. 
These elite soldiers were fully armored, equipped with superior weapons, and were all level 50 or higher. 
Their combat power was overwhelming. 
The last envoy was from the Heroic Kingdom, the Troy Empire, Eltis. 
In the Troy Empire, some people were naturally born with the power of heroes. 
It was the only place in the world where mortals could slay gods. 
Even a divine nation of demigods dared not provoke them. 
A divine nation was an empire established by demigods, like the Republic of Joan of Arc, who had true divine blood flowing through her veins. 
Unlike the One-Eyed Owl, who was merely a descendant of a demigod. 
Outside the council hall. 
Lin Tian rarely wore his golden crown, but this crown had bloody skulls at its edges. 
He typically didn’t wear it because it was uncomfortable. 
But now, as he was meeting foreign envoys in his capacity as a king, he needed to display a certain level of authority. 
Behind him stood Alice, Gobu Kuang, Fiona, and other capable subordinates. 
Inside the council hall. 
Wells of the Giant Elephant Empire was laughing when he suddenly noticed something, and his expression changed slightly. “He’s here, huh? What a powerful aura from this monster. This presence is already on par with that of a Demon King…” 
“Hmph, no matter how powerful, it’s still just a goblin. It’s only managed to seize some land by breeding and growing quickly, taking advantage of the chaos.” 
Lepia of the Holy Tree Empire sneered in disdain. 
They were all aware of the situation with the Holy Church and the Great Tomb. 
They believed Lin Tian’s success was merely a stroke of luck. 
In conclusion, they didn’t regard the Goblin Empire as a serious threat. 
As for Eltis from the Heroic Kingdom of Troy, the twirling of his curled mustache was as arrogant as he was. 
Stroking his mustache, Eltis spoke, “Monsters, in the end, are still inferior, lowly creatures. Just wait and see how I’ll tame him completely.” 
“Haha, we’ll be watching, Your Highness Eltis!” 
The other two laughed as they spoke. 
Suddenly, a series of shadows loomed large outside the door. 
Stretched enormously by the sunlight, they resembled sinister, terrifying demons. 
A gust of demonic energy, like a hurricane, blew into the room through the entrance, howling continuously! 
It was so overwhelming that it almost suffocated them. 
Especially Lepia, the weakest among them. He couldn’t help but break out in a cold sweat, swallowing nervously. “Is… is this really a goblin?” 
He had killed many Goblin Kings before. 
But he had never encountered anything that exerted such pressure—except a Demon King! 
A set of scarlet eyes first caught their attention. 
Varying in height. 
But each one exuded a surging demonic energy, something to which human genes were extremely sensitive. 
When they finally saw clearly, Eltis and the others’ expressions grew grave. 
These goblins were nothing like the ones they had seen before! 
Each one was exceedingly terrifying. 
Moreover, why was a lowly goblin standing at the center? 
And the key point—this goblin was wearing a crown! 
The same goblin that would normally not even warrant a glance now possessed the composure of a ruler. 
Its sinister face was filled with the confidence of someone powerful. 
From the moment they entered, Lin Tian had not even glanced at them once. 
Lin Tian slowly took his seat at the council table and finally spoke, “Gentlemen, why don’t we start with some introductions?” 
Since they had come to him voluntarily. 
Wells and the others obediently introduced themselves. 
Each one couldn’t help but puff out their chests. 
This confidence came from the powerful empires backing them! 
Lin Tian, however, remained expressionless. “Is that so? If you’re so powerful, then why have you come to my empire?” 
“Hmph, consider it your honor.” Eltis sneered. 
He continued, “The reason we are here is simple: because you destroyed the Sword Kingdom and the Magic Kingdom, we were sent by the Imperial Alliance to investigate…” 
As he spoke, Eltis slowly leaned forward, leveling his gaze with Lin Tian’s. 
His voice dropped to a slow, quiet tone, filled with an unmistakable threat. 
The meaning was clear. 
They were here to scout and then launch an invasion. 
Facing the covetous eyes of three great empires, anyone else would have groveled and begged like a lapdog. 
That’s why Eltis had earlier stated he could easily control Lin Tian. 
There was no panic at all. 
Wells and Lepia both brightened at this. 
“Bang!” 
Especially Lepia, who was now emboldened, slammed the table and said, “We’ve traveled a great distance, and there’s not even a cup of tea or coffee?” 
“Hmph, lowly beasts will always be lowly beasts. They try to mimic us humans, building empires, but they’ll never truly become human, hahaha!” Wells mocked with a sneer. 
Immediately, Gobu Kuang’s fists clenched, producing crackling sounds! 
Lin Tian raised his hand to stop him, showing a wicked yet friendly smile. “Gentlemen, have you ever heard that the last enemy envoys who came to negotiate with me were all eaten alive?” 
As he finished speaking, several goblins licked their lips. 
“You dare?! Even during wartime, one must never kill the other side’s envoys…” Eltis said coldly. 
But Lin Tian looked down with a contemptuous smirk. “You’re amusing. You’ve just said I’m not human, yet you’re trying to threaten me with human moral principles?” 
“Boss, I think strong ones taste the best when roasted. I bet their flavor is quite good.” 
Gobu Shan chimed in, as the evil bone in his hand slowly morphed into a sharp bone spike. 
A chilling, scraping sound echoed. 
Suddenly, Lepia began to feel uneasy. 
They seemed to have almost forgotten—they were dealing with monsters, the most savage and terrifying goblins! 
Wells, too, felt a flicker of fear because he knew these creatures were capable of doing exactly what they threatened. 
Eltis, though not about to back down, was no longer so quick to boast. 
Lepia hurriedly interjected, “Wait, Goblin King, we were just joking. We’ve traveled a long way merely to discuss cooperation with you.” 
“Speak.” Lin Tian scoffed, curling his lips in disdain. 
They were scared off after just a few words. He had thought they were big shots from powerful empires. 
Lepia continued, “The rapid growth of the Goblin Empire in such a short time is something we’ve all witnessed. However, for us great empires, conquering cities and territories is no longer meaningful. Long-term economic development is what’s most important now. 
So, we intend to send trade caravans to do business in the Goblin Empire. That’s all there is to it.” 
Other monster empires were too far away, making trade caravans impractical. 
So, they planned to establish trade relations here. 
Hearing this, Lin Tian pondered for a moment. This request was acceptable, considering that the goods would eventually end up in his own cities. 
But then Wells added, “Goblin King, there’s more. When our merchants trade here, they should be exempt from taxes. And for the safety of our merchants, we would also need to station troops to protect them.” 
“Indeed, this is the decision of our imperial congresses.” Eltis chimed in, emphasizing the words “imperial congresses” heavily. 
It was a threat, not a proposal. 
Their true intention was not trade but colonization, gradually weakening and then taking over the Goblin Empire. They wanted to make money and, in the end, claim the empire as their own. 
Upon hearing this. 
Lin Tian gave a signal to Gobu Tian, his eyes brimming with murderous intent. 
Gobu Tian slowly approached Lepia. 
“W-What are you doing?” 
Seeing the sinister and eerie goblin, Wells felt a pang of anxiety. 
Suddenly! 
Gobu Tian pulled out a void dagger and sliced off Wells’ thigh, sending blood spurting everywhere! 
Lepia and Eltis recoiled in shock. 
“What are you doing?! You lunatics!!!” 
“Hurry, stop the bleeding! Why did you attack him?!” 
Wells clutched his leg, trembling in pain. “Save me! I didn’t bring any healing potions!” 
Seeing this, Lepia quickly poured some Holy Tree sap on his leg. The wound healed rapidly, but his leg was definitely lost. 
The Holy Tree sap was a specialty of the Holy Tree Empire, known for its strong healing properties and its ability to dispel control effects. 
All three men were still in shock, retreating to the back of the hall, eyes full of fear. 
Lin Tian’s cold voice echoed throughout the hall. “I haven’t even lost yet, and you’re already proposing all these unequal treaties? Hmph, do you really think I’m some soft target, easy to manipulate?” 
Their thinking—it aligned perfectly with the mindset of Western bandits. 
Taxes, demanding land, and stationing troops. 
While Lin Tian was cautious in his development, he wasn’t so lowly as to agree to this. 
Even if the three great empires united, he wasn’t afraid. At worst, he could release Veronica and take them down together. 
And with the corpses of a few hundred thousand elite soldiers, he could rebuild in less than three months. 
That was the unique resilience of goblins. 
“You! What are you planning to do?! Don’t act recklessly; we represent three great empires!” 
Wells stammered, his voice trembling, eyes wide in terror. 
Lin Tian calculated and said, “If you want to send trade caravans to our empire, that’s fine. But the tax rate will be 70%, and there will be no stationing of troops. Agree to these terms, and you can leave. If you don’t agree…” 
“And if we don’t agree, what then?”  
Lepia swallowed nervously as he spoke. 
He already knew the answer deep down. 
He never expected a mere goblin to be so terrifying, with such sharp words. From the moment they entered, Lin Tian had them firmly in his grasp. 
He didn’t give them any chance to turn the tables! 
Who would dare to threaten him with the three great empires now? The consequences would be the same as what happened to Wells. 
At best, they might lose a leg; at worst, they’d lose their lives. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 168: The Annihilation of the Dragon Slayer Guild! Lin Tian’s Fury! 
TL: Sungmin 
“We agree! Actually, we just wanted to test you, that’s all. Please, don’t be so impulsive!” 
Lepia’s face looked worse than if he’d eaten something foul. 
He had a look of utter grievance. 
Their original intention was to negotiate a deal. Who could have known they almost played themselves into a corner? 
Eltis also gritted his teeth, swallowing his pride, “Goblin Majesty, it’s fine if you don’t station your troops, but isn’t a 70% tax rate a bit too high…?” 
“Whatever, we have millions of magical creatures and beastmen passing through here daily. If you don’t want to do business, plenty of others will.” Lin Tian responded. 
There were many empires out there, and recently, he had received numerous letters from human empires seeking cooperation. 
But these three tried to rely on the strength of the empires behind them to try and strong-arm Lin Tian. 
Upon hearing this, the three could only grit their teeth and nod. “Your Majesty, you’re ruthless. We admit defeat.” 
Lin Tian smiled with satisfaction. “Very well, your trade caravans are welcome to enter. Also, if other empires want to come, please inform them.” 
“Then, Your Majesty, we’ll take our leave now. We’ll definitely pass on the message.” Lepia spoke cautiously. 
He didn’t even dare to look directly at Lin Tian. 
Goblins were far more terrifying and brutal than they had imagined! 
Lin Tian nodded lightly. 
The three of them, as if injected with adrenaline, fled the place frantically. 
Wells, being supported, fumed with rage and resentment, “What about my leg? Damn goblins! I will annihilate them for sure!” 
“Don’t be hasty. The empire’s strategy is to take over this country perfectly. Later, the empire will capture that guy so we can vent our anger properly.” Lepia said helplessly. 
He also harbored deep hatred for Lin Tian. 
But they still needed to slowly infiltrate strong individuals into the Goblin Empire without triggering an external war. 
They just needed to slaughter the upper echelon of Lin Tian’s goblins. 
Unlike human empires, the Goblin Empire didn’t have a multitude of noble families or royal relatives. 
When a king died, members of the royal family could become the new king. 
Or nobles would vie for the throne. 
But in the Goblin Empire, if the upper echelon was wiped out, they could just install a puppet on the throne. 
The country would barely change. 
Wells gritted his teeth, “Hmph, goblins. Sooner or later I’ll have your legs and arms chopped off! Did the empire say how long it would take?” 
“Not sure, maybe a few months at most, or as soon as within a month.” Eltis replied. 
Only then did the three of them leave. 
Watching their figures recede into the distance, Lin Tian’s lips curled into a slight smile. Though he hadn’t heard their conversation, he could guess their intentions from the earlier talk about stationing troops. 
“Planning to kill me and take over? Hmph, I’ll make sure to play with you all thoroughly, starting with the Giant Elephant Empire.” Lin Tian said. 
Although he didn’t understand much about war strategy, he was very good at pushing others to their limits. 
He immediately began hiring spies. 
He prepared to carefully investigate the internal situation of those three nations. 
Among the beastmen, some of the insect tribe members could control insects and understood various insect languages. 
So they often trained insects to eavesdrop on information and then sold it. 
An insectoid beastman with antennae resembling those of an ant approached the Goblin throne room. “Your Majesty, this task you’ve given is very challenging and difficult. It requires ten thousand gold coins.” 
The information from three empires was indeed complex and difficult to obtain. 
But ten thousand gold coins were still affordable for the current Goblin Empire. 
Just as Lin Tian was about to agree, the ant person continued, “But for the sake of the friendship between our insect tribe and the goblins, this job will be free. Furthermore, our Queen Ant welcomes you to visit the Insect Tribe Empire anytime.” 
The Insect Tribe Empire? 
Lin Tian was slightly taken aback. That empire was known for its immense strength. 
The insect tribe was even better suited for development than the goblins. 
The Insect Tribe Queen was now apparently the Ant Queen, who could continuously produce insects that evolved into various professions. 
They were diligent and hardworking, and even if starved to death, they wouldn’t betray their cause. 
Thus, the Insect Tribe Empire was one of the strongest among the monster empires. 
Its reputation far surpassed that of the Troy Empire. 
Lin Tian smiled slightly, “Very well, I’ll visit Queen Ant when I have the time.” 
For now, everything was proceeding according to plan; it was just a matter of time before the results came. 
He then continued to flip through the “Goblin Chronicles,” trying to find a way to evolve himself. 
But after reading the whole thing, it mostly talked about the evil nature of goblins and how to deal with them. 
There was hardly anything on evolution. 
“The ancient dragon might know, and I almost forgot, I still have that core dragon crystal!” 
Lin Tian suddenly remembered. 
He called for Xiao Huan, preparing to make a trip to the World Tree. 
It had been a long time since he’d seen Little Black. He wondered how much that guy had grown, and there was also the Flame Dragon Mother to consider. 
That dragon she birthed—how much has it grown? 
But just as he passed by the Dragon Slayer Guild in the War Empire, Lin Tian decided to go down and check out the situation. Perhaps have a drink and relax since there was no urgency. The biggest threats were only the three great empires, after all. And he already had a plan to dismantle them. 
This time, without any hesitation, he rode Xiao Huan directly to the outskirts of the city, transforming into his human form as ‘Andy’ and preparing to take a look inside. 
However, when he arrived at the familiar outskirts of the city, there was no noise coming from within. 
Silently, he entered the city, only to find it in utter disarray. 
There were many soldiers present—clearly from the War Empire. 
At least tens of thousands of them. 
Lin Tian concealed his presence, furrowing his brows, “What happened here?” 
He quickly made his way to the Dragon Slayer Guild to investigate the situation, but he was stunned. 
The Dragon Slayer Guild had become nothing but ruins. 
There was nothing left. 
Only scattered debris remained. 
Many soldiers patrolled the city, indulging in their merriment. 
“Could it be that the War Empire turned against us because we killed Patrick last time? But that doesn’t seem right. Those people should’ve at least maintained some semblance of decorum.” 
Lin Tian didn’t dwell on it for long and hurried out to mount his dragon, trying to search for clues. 
By all reasoning, the One-Eyed Owl and the others shouldn’t have been wiped out. 
If they couldn’t win, they would have known to escape. 
Soon, he arrived at Oakwood Forest. 
He sought out the Ironhorn Chief to ask for information. 
But the Ironhorn Chief was unaware as well, “I haven’t been paying attention to that side of things, given the distance. But I did hear about your extermination of the Landau family—I’m deeply grateful!” 
He only wanted to live a peaceful life with the remaining members of his tribe. 
“However, I did see a lot of humans from your side heading toward the mountains.” The Ironhorn Chief suddenly recalled. 
Lin Tian’s eyes lit up, “Good. If you want a more peaceful life, there’s a Goblin Empire to the south. I can offer you protection there.” 
“Really?! If I get the chance, I’ll definitely check it out!” The Ironhorn Chief responded with excitement. 
Without delay, Lin Tian headed toward the mountains. 
To be honest, he was a bit worried about those guys. Though most of them weren’t exactly good people, they always rose to the occasion when trouble arose. 
If they could join the Goblin Empire, that would be the best outcome. 
Soon, he saw a group of refugees camped by a river in the mountains. 
“A dragon!” 
“Everyone, get back to the camp!” 
“Why is there a dragon here? Could it be from the War Empire? Don’t go back to the camp, run!!!” 
The refugees scattered in fear. 
A member of the Dragon Slayer Guild, ‘Luen,’ quickly stepped forward, “Everyone, hide behind the shelters. I’ll take care of this dragon!” 
“Buddy, don’t you recognize me?” 
Lin Tian jumped down and spoke, recognizing the man. They had crossed paths before. 
It was Luen who had carried Grugia and the others to the Red Rose Inn. 
“You’re that rookie?! Why are you here, and why are you riding a dragon?!” 
Luen exclaimed in surprise, but his expression suddenly darkened. 
Lin Tian couldn’t help but ask, “Buddy, what happened to the Dragon Slayer Guild? Where are Big Sis and the others?” 
“Brother, the Dragon Slayer Guild… it’s gone! Everyone’s dead! Big Sis was also captured and is now in the guild’s dungeon…” 
Luen’s face was full of grief and anger, and he was nearly sobbing. 
He continued, “Just about ten days after you left, the War Empire’s Landau, who hadn’t died, launched a surprise attack with a large number of soldiers under the guise of revenge. We had no chance to resist. 
Big Sis surrendered to save Osius, Grugia, and the others! I only managed to escape with some of the residents thanks to the cover provided by a few brothers.” 
At this point, tears streamed down his face. 
He recalled the tragic scene of the One-Eyed Owl being captured. “Big Sis… was pierced by several black iron spears. We don’t even know if she’s still alive. Brother, you should leave now. It’s not safe here either. They’ll likely find us soon.” 
Hearing this, Lin Tian’s expression grew heavy. He hadn’t expected Landau to survive even after being reduced to a skeleton. 
But for Landau to have such military strength, it was undoubtedly tied to Alexander of the War Empire. 
The grudge between Patrick and Grugia was clearly a personal one, as was the feud with the Landau family. 
Yet, a great empire would stoop to such pettiness. 
“Buddy, take these people to the Ironhorn Tribe below. They’ll protect you.” Lin Tian said with a furrowed brow, his tone grave. 
Luen was taken aback, “Huh? The Ironhorn Tribe? How could they…?” 
“Let’s go!” 
Without further delay, Lin Tian led the group down the mountain. 
When the Ironhorn Chief learned of the situation, his face was filled with rage, and he snorted with anger, “Hmph! The Landau family, our feud isn’t over yet! What do you plan to do?” 
“Give me some time. I’ll make them understand what true despair is.” Lin Tian’s eyes were filled with murderous intent. 
Luen, standing nearby, felt an inexplicable chill in his heart, “R-Rookie, what—what’s going on here?” 
He couldn’t understand why Lin Tian was so familiar with the Ironhorn Chief. 
Moreover, Lin Tian now seemed like an entirely different person. 
“Brother, stay here and wait for me. I’ll handle the situation with Big Sis and the others.” 
After saying this, Lin Tian mounted his dragon and headed back to the Goblin Empire. 
He was preparing to gather reinforcements. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 169: Time to Show Some Strength, Declare War on the War Empire! 
TL: Etude 
“Your Majesty, what is the purpose of this?” 
In the royal city square, Katheryn was setting up a magical teleportation array, but she couldn’t help but ask in confusion. 
Alice and the others were equally puzzled. 
Suddenly, everyone had been summoned, and the situation seemed extremely serious. 
Lin Tian naturally needed to clarify, “A while ago, I met a few people, and now they’ve been captured by an army. We need to go rescue them.” 
“Is there going to be a slaughter? Heh heh heh! That’s my favorite!” Gobu Kuang couldn’t help but laugh. 
Gobu Tian and Gobu Shan were already cracking their knuckles in anticipation. 
No one objected. 
Moreover, Fiona, the Werewolf King, and other protected demi-humans also eagerly participated. 
Now was the time to show their worth, to kill as many enemies as possible, and to gain Lin Tian’s favor. 
The stronger they were, the better. Lin Tian would never mind having more powerful allies. 
At this moment, Katheryn said, “Your Majesty, this magical teleportation point is set up, but on the other side…” 
“It’s not enough. We need to set up a hundred teleportation points all at once.” Lin Tian ordered. 
One teleportation point could only transfer a maximum of a thousand people at a time. A hundred points meant a hundred thousand. 
But the energy consumption for each teleportation was unimaginably huge. 
If Katheryn didn’t have the Endless Holy Grail, she’d likely exhaust herself to death. “Your Majesty, is this really necessary?” 
“Of course it is. Later, I’ll take her to set up teleportation points at the destination. 
Once connected, Alice, gather an army of two million goblins and start transporting them over. We’re going to declare war directly on the War Empire.” Lin Tian stated. 
Although the War Empire was very powerful, and two million goblins might not be enough to defeat them, this time he planned to involve the ancient dragons and dwarves as well. 
He intended to take down this empire in one fell swoop, leaving no loose ends. Otherwise, if they wiped out the Landau army that attacked the Dragon Slayer Guild, the War Empire could retaliate. 
They would surely ally with other empires to attack him. 
The best strategy was to make them disappear completely overnight. 
Then, they could focus on dealing with the allied forces of those three empires. 
In reality, apart from their million elite soldiers, the War Empire only had a few with a combat strength above ten thousand. 
They weren’t really a threat. 
Fiona couldn’t help but marvel, “Your Majesty, who are these people that are worth deploying all your forces for?” 
“Hmph, consider it a declaration to all humans, showing the strength of our Goblin Empire! So they won’t send people like today to cause trouble again.” 
After speaking, Lin Tian took Katheryn in his arms and mounted Xiao Huan. 
Xiao Huan’s level had risen as well, and its flying speed was now much faster than before. 
In about five hours, they could reach the War Empire’s territory, which was roughly a thousand kilometers away—not too far. 
After all, they didn’t have to start from the Great Tomb and cross the entire Lionheart Empire like before. 
Soon. 
They arrived twenty kilometers outside the town of the Dragon Slayer Guild. 
The Endless Holy Grail in Katheryn’s hand glowed brightly. Lin Tian then notified the Ironhorn Tribe to help guard the area. 
“I’ve decided to declare all-out war on the War Empire. Before that, please help protect this lady.” Lin Tian requested. 
The Ironhorn Chief was fired up, “Alright! I didn’t expect you to be so brave. My Ironhorn Tribe will give our full support!” 
“Thank you.” 
After that, Lin Tian went to find the dwarves. 
… 
Throughout the kingdom. 
When the news spread that they could return to the surface, everyone was overjoyed. 
Master Bill was moved, “Prince Dennis—no, Goblin Majesty, are you really going to declare war on the War Empire? They have a million elite soldiers, two million regular soldiers, and many titan soldiers.” 
“What, you dwarves possess such powerful magic forging techniques, yet you lack confidence?” 
Lin Tian couldn’t help but tease. 
Queen Adele fully supported him, “If you have it, we dwarves have it. Besides, your offspring have already become the main force of the dwarven army. They don’t need my permission to join the battle.” 
“Boss, we’ve longed to return to the surface and engage in a bloody battle!” The dwarf soldier captain said with a wicked grin. 
He even exuded a bit of goblin-like aura. 
But Lin Tian liked it very much, “Alright, then you all gather twenty kilometers outside the Dragon Slayer Guild’s town when the time comes and say that I called for you.” 
“Did you hear that? Prepare to gather the soldiers. All dwarves are to participate in the battle!” Adele ordered, even picking up a magic weapon herself. 
… 
After giving instructions to the dwarves, Lin Tian headed directly to the World Tree. 
That place was farther away, but with the speed of the ancient dragons, they could make it in time. 
In fact, they could arrive before the dwarves and Katheryn were even ready. 
The dwarves would need at least two or three days to prepare. 
After all, they hadn’t fought a war in decades, and mobilizing the entire population for war would take some time. 
Katheryn also couldn’t teleport two million goblins all at once. 
Even though the Endless Holy Grail could absorb the magic power of the sun, moon, and stars for replenishment. 
But it would still take at least two or three days. 
One day passed. 
Finally, they once again saw the World Tree, towering and blocking out the sky. 
Lin Tian, riding on Xiao Huan, descended into the underground fissure. 
Soon, they were surrounded by a group of ancient dragons. 
Little Black received the news and hurried over, “Father! Father!” 
The enormous figure rushed through the narrow space, scaring the ancient dragons into scattering in all directions. 
Even Xiao Huan’s legs went weak. 
However, just as Little Black approached, she transformed into her humanoid form. 
She leapt into Lin Tian’s arms, overflowing with excitement and joy. 
“You’ve grown again, you little rascal. Luckily, you’re still a child in this form, or else I wouldn’t be able to hold you.” Lin Tian chuckled as he spoke. 
Nearby, Scar couldn’t help but ask, “Mr. Goblin, did you find the dragon crystal needed to revive Ferbis?” 
Ferbis was the Purple-Gold Dragon Mother. 
Upon hearing this, Little Black’s eyes filled with anticipation as well. 
Lin Tian nodded, “I found it. First, take me to the roots of the World Tree.” 
They arrived at the tangled roots. 
The Purple-Gold Dragon Mother appeared immediately, “It’s been a long time, Lin Tian. I almost thought you’d forgotten about me.” 
“How could I forget my first partner? You not only did me a great favor, but we’ve also been through so much together. We’re practically an old married couple by now.” Lin Tian replied. 
Little Black blushed slightly, “Father, Mother, please don’t say such things in front of me. It’s embarrassing.” 
“Haha, alright then. I’ve come this time to show you something.” 
As he spoke, Lin Tian took out the core dragon crystal from his spatial ring. 
Seeing this, the Purple-Gold Dragon Mother’s expression changed slightly, “This is… my father’s dragon crystal! How did you get it?! Wasn’t it taken by that crazy woman from the Dragon Slayer Guild?” 
“It’s a long story. How can we use this to revive you?” Lin Tian asked in confusion. 
Little Black quickly answered, “I know! It needs to be planted in these roots. Mother can slowly absorb the dragon crystal, and that will do it!” 
“So that’s how it works.” 
As Lin Tian planted the crystal, he recounted the events concerning the Dragon Slayer Guild. 
The Purple-Gold Dragon Mother seemed somewhat melancholy, “I see. I remember when my father returned in disgrace, he was never the same. But I can’t really blame the One-Eyed Owl; it was my father who fought with the Dark Elemental Dragon, destroying many nations, and that’s why he was labeled as an evil dragon.” 
“Little Black, go help your father, and everyone else too. This way, we won’t be targeted by the Dragon Slayer Guild anymore.” The Purple-Gold Dragon Mother said with relief. 
Scar and the others pondered for a moment, then nodded, “You’re right. Although the Dragon Slayer Guild has slaughtered many of us ancient dragons, they violated the original Dragon King’s principles. They only targeted evil dragons, who were unforgivable anyway.” 
From their focus on hunting only malevolent creatures, it was clear that the One-Eyed Owl was not bloodthirsty. 
She simply used justice to channel her natural aggression. 
This was true for most members of the Dragon Slayer Guild. 
Listening to the dragons’ words, a smile spread across Lin Tian’s face. 
Once he saved Osius and Grugia, those two fellows, he wondered what expressions they would have. 
It was about time he gave them a good dose of humiliation! 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 170: The Army Arrives, Battle Begins! 
TL: Sungmin 
So, Scar, Thunder Calamity, Sin, and other powerful dragons among the ancient dragon clan all prepared to set out together. 
“We ancient dragons have had enough of hiding here all day, too scared to go out. Lin Tian, when do we depart?”  
Suddenly, a wave of heat surged towards everyone, along with an overwhelmingly majestic dragon’s aura. It was none other than the Flame Dragon Mother who appeared slowly. 
Lin Tian’s eyes lit up. He had originally planned to set out with Little Black and the others, but he hadn’t expected even the Dragon King to join them. However, he didn’t see her child, likely hidden away, not yet ready to be exposed to the others. 
Without asking further, Lin Tian declared, “Right now, let’s flatten the War Empire!” 
With the Flame Dragon Mother’s combat strength exceeding ten thousand, coupled with Little Black’s near ten thousand, and several dragons with nine thousand combat strength, any so-called Titan Warriors were nothing but a joke. 
“Roar!” 
From the crack in the World Tree, a deafening dragon’s roar resounded through the sky, causing hearts all over the world to tremble involuntarily! 
It had been centuries since such a large number of ancient dragons had appeared. This time, there were dozens of them! Wherever they passed, they blocked out the sky, casting shadows large enough to cover an entire city. 
Below, humans, monsters, and every living creature were all terrified and fled in panic. 
“Dragons! The dragons are coming!” 
“Damn it, the dragons in the World Tree have all come out! Run!” 
“Didn’t you hear Gabriel sound the horn of the apocalypse? Why has the end of the world come?” 
The entire ancient dragon clan’s mobilization was no different from the arrival of doomsday. While the dragon’s humanoid combat power might not be the highest, their ability to cause mass destruction was unparalleled. A city could be reduced to ashes in an instant. 
The dragons soared onward, heading straight for the Dragon Slayer Guild. 
Lin Tian rode on Little Black’s back, while Xiao Huan was left in the dragon’s nest to keep company with the Purple-Gold Dragon Mother. The two were old acquaintances, after all. 
“At this speed, I can hardly keep my eyes open.” 
Above the clouds, Lin Tian’s ears were filled with the roaring wind, making his eyes sting. From a distance, the dragons seemed to fly slowly due to their massive size, but in reality, they were nearly as fast as the speed of sound. 
They quickly reached the borders of the War Empire. 
Meanwhile, the dwarves had also geared up and were advancing in a mighty formation, much more orderly than expected. All of them were equipped with eleventh-tier magic gear, armor, and weapons. 
There was also a steel behemoth over five hundred meters long, resembling a bulldozer, with gnashing teeth and claws. Its massive mouth opened and closed repeatedly, crushing trees and boulders into fragments as it passed. 
Bill, who was driving it, held a bottle of wine in his hand, laughing, “Haha! This machine is even more exhilarating than my wife!” 
“Hmph, it was built with the entire nation’s resources, so of course, it’s different. But Master Bill, you’re too vulgar.” 
Beside him, Adele, with her fair face hidden behind goggles, piloted a flying steel chariot. Steam and flames erupted from the rear, though the power source was still magical energy. The steam was just for cooling, and the flames were added purely for style. 
Without the extra water cooling, the heat would have been unbearable. Still, it had a different kind of imposing aura compared to riding a dragon. Steel roared and flames shot out. 
In the distance, Katheryn’s expression changed as she channeled magic and controlled the teleportation of the goblin army. “What is that noise?” 
The Ironhorn Clan Chief flapped his wings and soared into the sky. “I… I can’t tell what it is either. Everyone, be on guard.” 
“That’s the dwarves’ armament. Gobu Kuang, prepare all defenses,” Alice leaped onto the treetops, her expression alert. 
The deafening machines, flying steel monstrosities, and the dwarves, bearded and mounted on pigs with hammers in hand, were crossing the mountains, heading towards them. However, Katheryn’s goblins were still tens of thousands away from completing their teleportation. 
Adele gazed into the distance. “So many goblins… this must be the stronghold Dennis mentioned. I didn’t expect him to have such a powerful force!” 
The sight was indeed overwhelming—an entire expanse of green mingled with the silver of armor. It was a truly breathtaking scene! 
Far more goblins than the tens of thousands of dwarves. 
Luen from the Dragon Slayer Guild was already dumbfounded, unable to believe that all these goblins and powerful beings were under Lin Tian’s command! 
“Who is this rookie? A Goblin King? But how could a mere Goblin King command so many powerful beings?” 
Luen, like a child, huddled in a corner, too scared to make a sound. Just Katheryn’s seemingly endless magic was enough to leave him stunned, not to mention the overwhelming presence of Alice, whose strength was beyond comprehension. 
So many goblins, centaurs, and monsters. 
One was stronger than the other. 
Alice leaped into the sky with force, swinging her long sword, “Super-tier Sword Technique: Sword Qi Tempest!” 
A massive wind wall, towering a hundred meters high like a tsunami, suddenly appeared! What was once at most ten meters high had now been amplified tenfold with the power of Sylph’s blessing. 
This forced Adele and the others to keep their distance in the air. The whistling sword qi made it clear that even a slight miscalculation would result in a crash. 
Seeing the sky full of steel monsters, Gobu Kuang was dumbfounded. “What the hell is this?! Steel… can fly?!” 
“Is the world outside really this amazing?” 
“Unbelievable! How are we supposed to take these down?” 
Gobu Tian and Gobu Shan were equally astonished, their understanding of the world thoroughly shaken. 
In the sky, Adele lifted her goggles and quickly said, “Don’t be nervous. Do you know Dennis? We’re here to assist in the assault on the War Empire!” 
“Dennis? Never heard of him. But if you come any closer, I guarantee I’ll shoot you down immediately!” Alice threatened. 
Bill jumped off his war machine, laughing, “Haha, beautiful lady, don’t misunderstand. You may not know Dennis, but he’s also a goblin. Our target is the War Empire, isn’t that right?” 
Hearing this, Alice relaxed her guard slightly, and everyone began to speculate. 
Just then, a dragon’s roar exploded in the distant sky, scattering the clouds instantly! The sun was completely obscured by the dragon’s massive body, plunging everything into darkness. 
Upon seeing this, the dwarves were thrown into chaos! 
Even Luen and the Ironhorn Clan panicked. 
“Oh my god, so many ancient dragons, and at least two or three of them are over a kilometer long! Run!” 
The dwarves turned and fled, abandoning everything else—survival was all that mattered now! 
The Ironhorn Clan quickly scattered as well. 
Luen swallowed nervously, but instead of fear, his eyes gleamed with excitement as if he were witnessing the most beautiful sight in the world. 
Clicking his tongue, he said, “If I can see so many ancient dragons before I die, I won’t have any regrets! Ah… if only Big Sis and the others could see this too! It’s so beautiful!” 
A group of dragons flapped their wings, creating a scene that could no longer be described as merely awe-inspiring. 
Only those who appreciated the beauty of dragons would be so captivated that they couldn’t move. 
Closer and closer. 
Luen had already closed his eyes, awaiting the fiery embrace. 
But then Lin Tian’s voice rang out, “Hey! Master Bill, Your Majesty, where are you all going?” 
“Huh? Prince Dennis!!!” 
Bill, who had been running for his life with his short legs, stopped in his tracks and looked up. 
He saw the many dragons landing behind them, taking a moment to rest. 
Lin Tian slowly dismounted from Little Black’s back. “It’s me, no need to be surprised. These dragons are here to help me attack the War Empire.” 
“This… how is this possible? Ancient dragons actually—!” 
The entire dwarf clan was in disbelief. 
Then, almost immediately, they erupted in admiration for Lin Tian. This time, it wasn’t just the female dwarves—even the male dwarves were genuinely impressed! 
The Ironhorn Clan Chief also let out a sigh of relief, his eyes filled with disbelief. “He actually commands dragons!” 
Even Alice, Gobu Kuang, and the others were so shocked that their jaws dropped. 
They knew Lin Tian had connections with a few ancient dragons, but this was the first time they had seen so many dragons! 
Two of them were incredibly massive, making it hard to breathe just by looking at them! 
Luen’s eyes hadn’t closed since. “My god, why is the Flame Dragon Mother here?! A kilometer-long dragon, such mesmerizing flames, and those beautiful scales! 
Wait a minute, that black dragon… no way, there’s really a kilometer-long black dragon too?! When did this happen? And, and, Scar is here, Thunder Calamity is here, Sin is here! These dragons are all famous!” 
Overcome with excitement, he rushed towards Lin Tian. “Rookie, what the hell is going on? You’ve been hiding too much! Everything feels like a dream—have I already been killed by Landau or something?!” 
It was all too surreal. 
Millions of goblins, dwarves who had disappeared for decades, the entire ancient dragon clan emerging in full force! 
And the Ironhorn Clan! 
The shock left Luen’s mind buzzing; he couldn’t process it! 
Grabbing his hair, he babbled incoherently, “Huh? Huh? What the hell? Damn it!” 
His words were a jumbled mess, too big to articulate. 
Lin Tian patted his shoulder, smiling faintly. “Still calling me rookie? You better calm down first, or I’m afraid you’ll pass out right here.” 
Speaking of fainting, several ordinary civilians had already collapsed from the shock. 
“Your Highness, how are things?” Lin Tian inquired further. 
Katheryn, holding the Endless Holy Grail and surrounded by magic, responded, “It will take a few more hours to teleport everyone over. Just wait a bit longer.” 
Hundreds of magic circles emitted pillars of light that shot into the sky! 
Because the distance was so great, the teleportation couldn’t be completed instantly and required some time. 
Inside Dragon Slayer City, the patrol soldiers noticed the dazzling light pillars from afar and quickly returned to report. 
Landau was being carried by two girls, seated in a chair resembling a wheelchair, his body covered in scars—miserable beyond words. 
His existing muscles were simply unable to sustain movement. 
At that time, he had lost too much flesh, and even the use of a super recovery potion couldn’t fully restore him. 
The potion’s effect was to accelerate the regeneration of flesh, but the recovery process required energy. 
Landau had stuffed himself to the brim beforehand, but even with the potion, it wasn’t enough for a complete recovery. 
As a result, he harbored a deep-seated hatred for the Dragon Slayer Guild. 
He asked, “Has someone set up many teleportation arrays in the distance?” 
“Yes, but we’re not certain. We could only see a few beams of light from far away,” the soldier replied respectfully. 
Landau’s scarred, pitted face darkened with malice. “Assemble the soldiers and set up ambushes everywhere. If they dare to come, we’ll make sure they don’t leave!” 
“Yes, sir!” 
Immediately afterward, Landau turned to the girl beside him. “Take me to the dungeon.” 
Slowly, they arrived at the dungeon where the One-Eyed Owl was being held. 
In the dim candlelight, a figure with meticulously defined muscles and bloodstained skin was kneeling on the ground. 
It was the One-Eyed Owl. 
Her shoulder blades, and even her clavicles, had been brutally pierced by spears, with the spearheads firmly embedded in the ground. 
With her clavicles pierced, she was unable to exert any strength, forced to maintain this position. 
She couldn’t move. 
… 
Merry Christmas everyone!!! 3 long chapters as a gift to you all &lt;3 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 171: Defeated Before the Battle Even Begins?! 
TL: Sungmin 
Landau didn’t rush to kill her. He wanted to watch the One-Eyed Owl die slowly, in agony. 
Now that he was crippled, even if he wanted to do something to the One-Eyed Owl, he no longer had the capability. 
“Hmph, still not dead, huh?” The young girls brought Landau in front of the One-Eyed Owl and he mocked her. 
On the ground, blood had already mixed with the dirt, turning black and foul-smelling. 
Hearing the voice, the One-Eyed Owl’s fingers twitched slightly, but she didn’t even have the strength to lift her head. 
Her breathing was faint. 
Landau sneered, “Tell me the truth. Has your Dragon Slayer Guild formed an alliance with some outside force? Who’s coming to save you?” 
“If you don’t talk, I’ll kill that group of people anytime I want!” 
Hearing this. 
The One-Eyed Owl used all her strength to part her cracked lips and shook her head weakly, “N-no one.” 
“Heh, as expected. You bunch of notorious lunatics, who would come to save you? But I can’t rule out the possibility that some outside force might want to rescue you and then recruit you.” Landau speculated with a playful expression. 
That was probably the only possibility. 
But he had already set up ambushes—two Perfect Titan Warriors, two Armored Titans, and two hundred Titan Killers. 
Even if they faced an army of fifty thousand, they would still be able to fight. 
However, he couldn’t fathom which force could teleport fifty thousand troops here. 
First of all, such mages were rare. Secondly, maintaining the mana supply would be impossible, and even if they could teleport here, getting back would be an issue. 
Seeing the One-Eyed Owl on the brink of death, 
Landau grew increasingly furious. He used all his strength to raise his trembling hand and cruelly pinched her face, “Why aren’t you dead yet? I’m just waiting for you to die!” 
“I… won’t die. In seven days, you must release everyone in the Dragon Slayer Guild.” The One-Eyed Owl struggled to speak. 
Before surrendering, she had made a deal with Landau: if she survived for seven days, the remaining members of the Dragon Slayer Guild, including Grugia and Osius, would be released. 
A cold glint flashed in Landau’s eyes as he forcefully removed her eyepatch. 
He suddenly froze. Three ghastly claw marks were clearly visible on that eye, but the most striking part was that the eyeball seemed blind, yet somehow it wasn’t. 
It resembled a vivid, living crystal. 
He could even see his own reflection in her pupil. 
Unable to resist, he asked, “What’s wrong with your eye? Why does it look like a crystal?” 
The One-Eyed Owl didn’t answer. 
This made Landau impatient. He slapped her hard, “Hey! I’m talking to you!” 
“Has she fainted? Splash some water on her. Don’t let her pass out; she needs to die slowly!” 
The young girl quickly fetched water and splashed it on her. 
Glistening droplets rolled down the One-Eyed Owl’s delicately muscled skin. 
Seeing her wake up, Landau’s lip curled, “Hmph, so much for being the offspring of a demigod. You’re just a mouse, helpless against my whims.” 
He then walked away. 
He began to inspect the ambush. 
Tens of thousands of soldiers had gathered behind the city, waiting to close in once the enemy entered. 
The Perfect Titan Warriors and numerous Titan Killers were hiding together. 
The Armored Titans were curled up among the ruins like two massive boulders, impossible to distinguish unless they moved. 
Titan Killers were essentially Titans with only 50% pure Titan genes. 
They underwent specialized training to adapt skillfully to their Titanized bodies, mastering superior killing techniques. 
Their transformed height was around ten meters, but their speed and reflexes surpassed those of Perfect Titan Warriors. 
Hence, they were called Titan Killers. 
Ten or so of them could even defeat a Perfect Titan Warrior. 
Landau wore a smug expression, “Hmph, who dares come? I’ll make sure they die without a doubt…” 
Thirty miles away. 
The last batch of Goblin soldiers had been teleported over. 
Two million troops stood ready, solemn and imposing! 
All of them awaited a bloody massacre. 
Lin Tian counted the main forces. It turned out to be far more than he had imagined. 
Alicenia, Gobu Kuang, Gobu Tian, Gobu Shan, the Ironhorn Chief, the Dwarves, and a host of Dragons. 
Fiona, the Werewolf King, and various other monsters. 
Lia, Gobu Yue, and the others remained in the empire, while Gobu Jian guarded Veronica. 
It was more than enough; every single Dragon was an extraordinarily powerful combatant. 
Lin Tian held the Spear of Zeus, standing at the front of the army alongside Alicenia and the others, “Let’s go. We’ll start with the Dragon Slayer City, annihilate the Landau family, then march straight to flatten Twilight City! Kill Alexander!” 
“Kill!!!” 
The goblins’ war cries were deafening! 
Their momentum even surpassed that of the Dwarves and nearly matched the Dragons’. 
Ruen, following behind, was in disbelief. For the first time! For the first time, he felt the immense pressure brought by the goblins! 
It should be noted that even when the Dragon Slayer Guild learned of Goblin uprisings in the past, they never bothered to hunt them down. 
After all, goblins were synonymous with weak monsters. 
But now. 
He felt like the weakest one. 
The army advanced. 
The army advanced in a grand and imposing formation! 
As they marched, their sheer numbers blotted out the sun, casting a shadow over the land, making the sky and earth seem dim. 
Dragons circled overhead, greatly enhancing the army’s momentum. 
Bill, piloting a war machine, was ecstatic. “Hahaha! Come on, let’s send those scum straight to hell! I’m going to reclaim the glory of the Dwarves!” 
“Kill them all!” 
Gobu Kuang echoed, wielding four weapons, his strides arrogant and domineering. 
Little Black and the other dragons were also somewhat excited. 
It had been far too long since they had felt the freedom of the sky. 
Before long, they spotted the ruins of the Dragon Slayer Guild. 
From a distance, Landau noticed a massive, dark mass approaching. “They’re coming, and it looks like there’s quite a number of them.” 
Due to the curvature of the earth, he couldn’t see the entire army at once. 
He could only see a dense, endless crowd. 
But he didn’t care; what use was a large number of soldiers? The Perfect Titan Warriors, along with the Titan Killers, could stop thousands upon thousands of troops. 
However, the more he looked, the more something seemed off. 
One of the Titan Warriors, Tulan, voiced his concern, “Duke Landau, the number of enemy soldiers seems unusually large.” 
“What are you afraid of? Our soldiers are lying in ambush behind them. Once they enter the city, we’ll surround them, and then you transform and disrupt their formation. They’ll scatter like a herd of sheep.” 
Landau remained calm, confident in his battle strategy. 
But Tulan wasn’t as confident. “You’re right, but that’s only effective against an army of less than a hundred thousand. This—this is no less than a million, maybe even more! Wait, what is that?!” 
Suddenly. 
They saw the dragons in the sky. 
Even Landau couldn’t help but stand up, his eyes wide with shock. “Dragons—those are ancient dragons! Some of them are over a thousand meters long… Wait, why are there so many of them?!” 
The sky was filled with dragons, so dense they seemed to block out the light. 
He trembled from head to toe! 
It was a fear that came from deep within his soul! 
“No, no! Those aren’t humans; they’re goblins!” 
Landau finally saw it clearly—goblin after goblin, with ferocious faces. 
And at the forefront, the leaders exuded an overwhelming aura. 
Even the Perfect Titan Warriors felt fear. “Where did all these goblins come from? Am I dreaming? We have to flee, Duke Landau!” 
The entire horizon, both land and sky, was covered by the enemy forces. 
The visual impact was indescribably overwhelming! 
What was the use of an army of twenty thousand? 
Even twenty thousand Titan Killers were useless! 
Unless they had twenty thousand Perfect Titan Warriors, but even if the entire War Empire worked together for a thousand years, they couldn’t create that many. 
“My God, this is the first time in my life that I’ve been scared by goblins! Is this the Goblin Empire that has risen recently? Why are they here?!” Tulan said in panic. 
Suddenly, his heart trembled! 
Because Little Black had already flown over the Dragon Slayer City, its massive figure blocking out the sky as it passed overhead. 
The sheer size made every hair on their bodies stand on end! 
Their hearts were filled with only one word: despair! 
Landau collapsed into his chair. “Why, why!” 
They had just talked about encircling the enemy, but now it was they who were encircled! 
Lin Tian commanded his army to surround the Dragon Slayer City. Suddenly, they noticed the twenty thousand imperial soldiers behind them. 
“Attack!” 
At Alice’s command. 
Suddenly. 
A group of dragons swooped down, unleashing various elemental attacks! 
The twenty thousand soldiers screamed in agony as they were consumed by flames, lightning, and fierce winds. 
On the city walls, Landau watched helplessly as thousands of his soldiers were reduced to ashes! Their combat strength was crushed in an instant. 
They hadn’t even had time to react! 
Inside the city, the Titan Killers trembled in fear, and the Armored Titans kept their eyes tightly shut, not daring to move. 
They wished nothing more than to be mistaken for mere stones. 
They wouldn’t dare move, even if it meant death! 
“Duke Landau! Duke Landau! Are you okay?” Tulan shook him vigorously. 
Landau was nearly unconscious, barely managing to regain his senses. “W-what happened? Did I just see us get defeated without even fighting? Is that what happened?” 
Tulan wore an expression as if he had swallowed something vile, unsure how to respond. 
Because whether in theory or reality. 
It seemed they were already defeated. 
Just like a mantis trying to stop a chariot—there was no suspense. 
“No! No! How can this be!” Landau screamed hysterically. 
Behind the city, Lin Tian and his forces were scouting the situation. Hearing the scream, they scaled the walls and entered the city, spotting Landau and his men in the distance. 
But the Ironhorn Chief warned, “Be careful, there’s an ambush here.” 
Alice swung her sword wildly, and a sharp burst of sword energy forced out the Armored Titan. 
Standing about twenty meters tall, the Armored Titan had a blocky body, with shield stones protecting every joint. 
Though it was a formidable and invincible Armored Titan, 
it now stood there like a child, paralyzed with fear after being exposed. It didn’t know what to do. 
It was so terrified it even considered begging for mercy. 
Lin Tian frowned. “Monsters tamed by the War Empire? Kill them. Wipe them out.” 
Immediately! 
Alice, Gobu Kuang, Gobu Tian, Gobu Shan, the Ironhorn Chief, Fiona, the Werewolf King, and others rushed forward! 
The once invincible and heavily armored Armored Titan was instantly engulfed in a dazzling array of lights! 
It exploded into countless pieces! 
“Help, help!!!” 
The other Armored Titan gave up its act, stood up, and tried to flee! 
But this was nothing short of courting death. 
It barely took a few steps before being overwhelmed by concentrated fire, killed in an instant! 
Ruen’s expression changed drastically as he recalled how several Dragon Slayer Guild members had previously fought to their deaths, unable to even shake these monsters. 
And yet, these creatures were now being annihilated in seconds! 
But it wasn’t over. 
Bolts of golden lightning rained down! 
The Titan Killers hiding in the ruins couldn’t take it anymore, their courage nearly shattered. 
They all transformed. 
But not to fight, to flee! 
“Help! I want to go home!” 
“This is insane! So many monsters and dragons—what divine law did I break?!” 
“Brothers, our mission now is just to survive and escape from here!!!” 
Some who had just climbed the city walls were immediately snatched up by dragon claws, pierced through flesh and organs. 
They were lifted high into the sky and then dropped heavily. 
Smashed to death on the spot! 
Those who couldn’t escape were targeted by the Dwarves’ aerial war machines, unable to retaliate. 
Bill, piloting his war machine, blasted a massive hole in the city wall. 
He charged straight in. 
Against these steel machines, the flesh and blood of the Titan Warriors stood no chance. 
Under the concentrated fire of the entire group, 
there were only pitiful screams! 
Above, Landau and his men watched the scenes unfold, too shocked to speak. “What… what have we provoked?! Dwarves, goblins, the Ironhorn Tribe, Dragons! So many monsters—why have they all come here?” 
Their hearts were filled with just two words: 
Despair! 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 172: Having a Point Doesn’t Mean You’re Off the Hook (Tang Niu’s Inequality) 
TL: Sungmin 
All two hundred Titan Killers perished under the overwhelming attack. 
This sudden, incomprehensible, and unacceptable turn of events left the people of Landau dumbfounded. 
They were already bewildered by the sheer size of the massive army. What on earth was going on, with so many monsters appearing so suddenly? 
“Could it be… they were forcefully teleported here? But how could that even be possible?!” 
The people of Landau were still preoccupied with figuring out why there was such a large army. 
They didn’t even dare to think about what might become of them! 
Tulan and another Perfect Titan Warrior had already given up on resisting. 
They scrambled to Lin Tian and his group, crawling on all fours. “We surrender! We surrender, alright?” 
The surroundings fell into sudden silence. 
Tulan looked at the hideous, menacing Goblin who was actually riding on a centaur. 
He quickly lowered his head, not daring to make eye contact with Lin Tian. 
His heart pounded wildly in his chest. 
He pressed his forehead hard against the ground, praying for his life. 
Even though Lin Tian hadn’t said a word or lifted a finger. 
Such immense pressure made the once proud and invincible Perfect Titan fall to his knees and beg for mercy. 
He didn’t even consider whether he could fight against Lin Tian. 
That terrifying aura had already scared him out of his wits. 
Millions of troops, thundering steel machines, and ancient dragons filled the sky. 
Any one of them could easily crush him. 
Seeing this, Landau, still sitting in his wheelchair, cursed loudly, “What are you doing?! You are Perfect Titan Warriors, painstakingly cultivated by the War Empire, and you dare to kneel before monsters! Get up and fight! Cover my escape! Run… run…” 
As he spoke, he realized there was no one left by his side. 
Alone, he could barely even get out of the wheelchair. 
“What do you know, you worthless fool? This man here is not someone you or I can provoke! He… he is a phenomenon!!” 
Tulan turned and cursed, showing a completely different face from the one he showed to Lin Tian. 
But in that glance, he noticed Ruen from the Dragon-Slayer Guild, and his heart almost stopped! 
Ruen glared at him fiercely but said nothing. 
He felt it wasn’t his place to speak here. 
Tulan sensed trouble, “My lord, I was only following orders from the War Empire. I have no personal grudge against the Dragon-Slayer Guild, please spare me. Honestly, I was quite happy when Patrick was killed by the Dragon-Slayer Guild. That guy was always so arrogant…” 
“Yes, yes! We can still talk things over, great Goblin Majesty! The real mastermind behind everything is actually Alexander!” 
The other Perfect Titan Warrior also pleaded for mercy. 
They had no fondness for Alexander either. Becoming a Perfect Titan Warrior required tremendous effort—it wasn’t a gift. 
Watching them behave like this, Ruen found it hard to believe. These two powerful beings, who only the One-Eyed Owl could rival, were now kneeling before Lin Tian like slaves. 
They had lost all dignity, begging only to survive. 
Looking down at them, Lin Tian finally spoke, “You know, you make some pretty good points.” 
“Yes, yes! Great Goblin Majesty! Your wisdom is unparalleled. Can I follow you?” Tulan, now groveling, spoke with a sycophantic tone. 
Even Fiona felt disgusted. 
But this was human nature. What was groveling compared to survival? Some people would even eat feces to live. 
In comparison, this was easy. 
However, Lin Tian’s gaze turned cold, and he said slowly, “You do make a lot of sense, but… did you not realize who I am?” 
“You… you are the great Goblin Majesty.”  
Tulan’s heart pounded, his voice growing weaker. 
A vague sense of terror and panic began to rise. 
Lin Tian’s lips curled into a sinister smile, “You’re right. I am a Goblin, and while you make sense, it doesn’t mean I’ll let you go.” 
Such a juicy experience pack—how could he pass it up? 
He was only at level one hundred and still far from reaching one hundred and five. Otherwise, Anubis’ Soul Drain would be wasted. 
“Goblin Majesty, please listen to me, I…” 
Before Tulan could finish, Fiona’s spear pierced his throat! 
Fast, precise, and deadly! 
Blood spurted several meters into the air. 
“Ugh… you lunatic! Damn Goblin, we’ll fight you to the death!” 
Tulan clutched his throat, staggering back, his expression twisted in pain. 
In an instant! 
A bolt of lightning struck. 
The two of them instantly transformed into Perfect Titan Warriors, their roars deafening! 
But it was nothing more than a futile struggle. 
Instead, it only excited the goblins, dwarves, dragons, and other monsters into a frenzy. 
Two titans, sixty to seventy meters tall, appeared in the city. However… 
Compared to the ancient dragons in the sky, they were nothing more than insects. 
The primary purpose of Perfect Titan Warriors was merely to clear out large numbers of small fry; their combat strength was purely based on their size. 
In terms of size, how could they possibly compare to the ancient dragons? 
Immediately, a group of dragons swarmed them, and the dwarves’ steel war machines fired nitrate bombs. 
Blood splattered everywhere! 
Bill watched from the side, full of disdain. “Hmph, these so-called Perfect Titan Warriors from the War Empire, how dare they call themselves that? True ancient Titans were towering figures, reaching tens of thousands of meters tall, standing between heaven and earth!” 
The gods worshipped in this country were the twelve Olympian gods. 
The ancient Titans, like the twelve gods, had actually existed. 
And one of them was Kronos, the father of Zeus, the king of the gods. 
“It’s just that they managed to decipher one of the countless runes and created the Titan transformation magic, but even that is quite remarkable.” Adele added. 
The dwarves had a long heritage and were relatively knowledgeable about such matters. 
Lin Tian was slightly surprised; it seemed this dwarf knew quite a bit too. He thought it might be worth asking her later about Goblin evolution and the matter of Goblin deities. 
At this moment, 
Tulan and the others were already covered in wounds! 
The dragons’ claws, as large as machetes to an ordinary person, tore bloody gashes across their bodies, revealing even their bones! 
With each breath, one could see their internal organs moving inside their chests! 
It was utterly horrifying. 
“Stop… stop, Goblin Majesty, please spare me! I’ll kneel before the Dragon-Slayer Guild and apologize. I won’t dare cross you again, I beg you, it hurts so much!” Tulan’s despairing wails echoed through the city. 
But the dragons had no intention of stopping. 
They circled back and forth, diving down to claw at their prey. 
Little Black, one of the dragons, exerted too much force, crushing the massive head, over ten meters in size, into a pulp! 
Piaji! 
Brains splattered everywhere! 
The other Titan Warrior was scared out of his mind! He tried to run away. 
Adele put on her goggles and gave an order, “Exterminate the enemy!” 
Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh! 
In an instant, dozens to hundreds of nitrate bombs flew over, enhanced with explosive magic. 
Their power was far beyond that of simple homemade bombs. 
The Titan Warrior’s back was riddled with bloody holes! 
His entire back was blown open. 
His internal organs were reduced to a sticky paste, spilling all over the ground. 
His massive body stiffened, then crashed down with a thunderous thud. 
“No! Somebody, save me!” 
Landau, perched on the high wall, was so terrified that he unleashed his latent potential! He scrambled and crawled, leaping out of his wheelchair. 
The Titan Warrior’s body nearly crushed him into a meat paste. 
Just when he thought he’d survived, he realized that a pair of sinister, blood-red eyes was staring right into his face. 
Lin Tian couldn’t help but wonder, “Should I say you’re incredibly lucky or just short-lived? To survive all this, you’re neither human nor ghost. Even I find it terrifying.” 
Landau, on the verge of collapse, screamed hysterically, “Ahh! Get away! Get away, you damn monster! Don’t come near me! I’m a Duke! A noble!” 
“Hmph, take me to the people you’ve imprisoned.” Lin Tian gave him a kick and ordered. 
But Landau kept screaming, “I’m a Duke! Kneel before me! You lowly monsters, don’t come near me!” 
Seeing him in this crazed state, 
Lin Tian grew impatient and stomped down, crushing his hand. 
In an instant, Landau could do nothing but scream in agony, nearly losing control of his bowels, his hand glued to the ground, too scared to pull away. 
If he did, he would lose it entirely. 
He was on the verge of tears, “Why… why did you step on me…” 
“I’ll ask you one more time, where are the people you’ve imprisoned?” 
Upon hearing this, 
Landau continued to mumble to himself. 
Lin Tian stomped down again, pinning both of his hands to the ground, making it impossible for him to lift them. 
Then, 
Lin Tian placed his foot on Landau’s leg. “If you want to stay here forever, I can arrange that…” 
“No, I’ll tell you where they are…” 
Finally, the pain brought Landau back to his senses. 
But Ruen spoke up, “Uh, I also know where the dungeon is. Big Sis and the others must be locked up in there.” 
“What? Why didn’t you say so earlier?” 
Lin Tian was caught between laughter and tears. 
Landau’s face twisted with rage as he snarled, “You damn bastard! If you’d said that sooner, would I be in this miserable state?” 
Just moments ago, his mind had been on the brink of madness, and he had understood Lin Tian’s words, but his mouth responded differently. 
Ruen snorted coldly, “I wanted to see you suffer like this.” 
With that, Lin Tian lifted him up and headed towards the dungeon. 
The others followed closely behind, eager to see what kind of friends Lin Tian had. 
Upon reaching the dungeon entrance, Lin Tian kicked the door down. 
From a distance, he saw the One-Eyed Owl, pinned to the ground by a spear under the dim light. 
Ruen immediately shouted, “Big Sis! You’re still alive, thank goodness! The rookie who joined the guild back then has come to rescue you!” 
He circled around the One-Eyed Owl, unsure of what to do. 
Seeing the One-Eyed Owl in such a weakened state but still holding on, Lin Tian couldn’t help but feel a pang of sorrow. 
He tossed Landau aside, “Support her.” 
Ruen quickly complied. 
Lin Tian then sliced the spear in half and pulled the remaining shaft from the One-Eyed Owl’s body. For now, this was all he could do. 
The One-Eyed Owl’s expression twitched slightly, and then, wobbling, she stood up. 
She began walking forward. 
From start to finish, she didn’t utter a single word, resembling a soulless husk. 
“Huh? Big Sis, what are you doing?”  
Ruen looked completely bewildered. 
The One-Eyed Owl slowly approached the nearby figure of Landau, who was lying on the ground like a broken man. 
Seeing her covered in blood, Landau was terrified and equally confused. “W-what are you doing? Stay away from me! I’m a Duke…” 
“A Duke, huh?!” 
Smack! 
On the spot! 
The One-Eyed Owl, enduring her pain, swung her fist straight at Landau’s face. 
In an instant, his entire face caved in, and the teeth that were knocked loose embedded themselves into the bloody flesh of his mouth. 
Blood quickly filled Landau’s mouth, choking off his cries of pain. “You… glurk… stop it!” 
“This guy must be crazy. First, he tells people not to come near him, and now he’s begging them to stop. It’s almost laughable,”  
Ruen couldn’t help but remark. Now that the One-Eyed Owl was safe, the weight on his mind had lifted. 
… 
TL: Tang Niu’s Inequality—a meme on the Chinese internet. I think it originated when a girl accepted a guy’s gift (like a confessional gift?), but that didn’t mean she agreed to date him. Many other feminists came out in support of it, thus the term was coined. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 173: A Friend’s Success is More Painful Than One’s Own Failure! 
TL: Sungmin 
Punch after punch. 
It was unclear if the One-Eyed Owl was still conscious, but her desire to pummel Landau to death had never wavered. 
At that moment. 
Luen noticed a bottle of super recovery potion that had fallen from Landau’s body earlier. “Big Sis, quick, you should recover first.” 
However, the One-Eyed Owl didn’t respond. 
She was still busy. 
Frantically hammering away. 
Lin Tian felt a twinge of fear in his heart. “Damn, those guys earlier said I was scary? Isn’t this even more terrifying?” 
“This is the friend Boss knows? Even in such a weakened state, she doesn’t forget to take revenge first? She’s way tougher than us,” Gobu Kuang remarked, still feeling a sense of dread. 
Even Alice and the others felt inexplicably creeped out. 
Finally, the One-Eyed Owl snatched the potion from Luen’s hand. 
But instead of using it to heal herself, she poured it onto the bloody, mangled Landau! 
“What the hell?”  
Lin Tian was stunned, “Big Sis, that’s too ruthless… You’re seriously injured too…” 
Gobu Kuang was completely in awe, his mouth hanging open in speechless shock. 
Who saves their enemy first? 
The key point was that this didn’t seem stupid—just incredibly ruthless. Truly, a madwoman! 
Everyone watching couldn’t help but click their tongues in disbelief. 
“No! Don’t save me! Just let me die! You demons, you lunatics!!!”  
As the potion restored him, Landau screamed out in agony. 
The One-Eyed Owl chuckled coldly, raising her blood-soaked, flesh-covered fist and slamming it down again! 
She hit him so hard that he was left with no fight left in him. 
Where before he could still spit out a few defiant words, now he only wished for death. 
Unfortunately, she pummeled him until he was half-dead, not killing him outright. 
His head, a bloodied, unrecognizable mess, kept twitching and convulsing! 
It was extremely unsettling. 
The One-Eyed Owl finally seemed to have vented some of her anger. She turned to Lin Tian, grinning, “Kid, you’re more impressive than I imagined. Thanks a lot…” 
As soon as she finished speaking. 
She collapsed to the ground, no longer able to hold on. 
Lin Tian couldn’t help but chuckle bitterly, “Alice, can you take her out to let Katheryn treat her? I’ll go save the others.” 
“No problem.” 
Looking towards the depths of the dungeon. 
Lin Tian moved forward, his expression heavy. He passed by several familiar faces from the Dragon Slayer Guild, all dead, some even starting to rot. 
There were also a few barely clinging to life. 
He immediately instructed Gobu Kuang and the others to take them out for treatment. 
“That guy got off too easy.” 
As he spoke, he finally saw Grugia and Osius among the captives in the back. 
They had all passed out, with only Osius still clinging to a shred of consciousness. 
Both his hands and feet were hooked by large black iron hooks, suspended in the air. 
It was unimaginable how much they had suffered. 
To have endured this long was remarkable. 
Osius instantly became alert, “A goblin? Why are you here?” 
But then something seemed to dawn on him, and he changed his tone, “Hehehe… Hey, Goblin Majesty, can we talk? How about you let me down?” 
What the hell? 
Lin Tian was taken aback. This bastard still had so much energy left. He had thought Osius was on the brink of death. 
As expected of a seasoned cultivator, tempered by a strong will. 
But that despicable, shameless expression made Lin Tian feel uncomfortable. He sneered, “You want me to save you?” 
“Yes, yes, yes! As long as you save me, I’ll give you anything you want!” 
Osius tried his best to lower his voice. 
Lin Tian pretended to consider, “Alright, then I want your pi yanzi (euphemism for anal virginity). Will you give it to me?” 
As he spoke, he quietly moved behind Osius. 
In an instant. 
Osius felt a chill creep up his spine, “Hey? Goblin Majesty, don’t mess around. That thing isn’t worth much. Look, that guy over there is strong and sturdy! Why don’t you take…” 
“But I like your type the most. Will you give it to me or not? If not, I’m leaving.” Lin Tian said. 
Osius’s face twisted in frustration and helplessness, “For everyone’s sake, I’ll sacrifice myself. Don’t leave, Goblin Majesty, come on.” 
Suddenly. 
Lin Tian transformed into his human form, Andy, and scoffed, “Osius, I didn’t expect you to be so disgusting, willing to offer up your most vulnerable part, tsk tsk tsk!” 
“Huh? Rookie? What are you doing here? Where’s that goblin from earlier?” 
Osius was dumbfounded, looking around frantically. 
In an instant, he noticed that Lin Tian had vanished, and the goblin was standing before him. 
In another instant, Lin Tian turned back into Andy, “Stop looking, I’m Andy, and I’m also a goblin.” 
Such an overwhelming amount of information. 
Osius wondered if he was about to die; otherwise, how could something so bizarre be happening? 
Osius lamented, “God, are you really toying with me like this? About to die, and yet you still tease me? That’s just too cruel…” 
“Wake up, you’re not dreaming.” 
Lin Tian slapped him awake. 
Osius was shocked, “It’s real?! You little bastard! You actually dared to mess with me?!” 
“So what if I did? Who are you calling a bastard?” 
Lin Tian reached out and jiggled the iron hook that was impaled into Osius. The sudden surge of pain almost made Osius soil himself. 
He felt both clear-headed and overwhelmed, his expression changing five times in a single second. 
Finally, he pleaded, “My ancestor, please let me down! I haven’t taken a shit in days; if I hold it in any longer, I’m going to start digesting it!” 
Hearing this, Lin Tian finally relented, “Alright, bear with it.” 
He yanked out the bloodied hook. 
Osius’s expression changed dozens of times in just one second, but he managed not to scream out. Instead, he cautiously began to help rescue Grugia, saying, “Quick, let’s save this guy and then get Big Sis out of here. We should escape first and come back to rescue the others later. Damn Landau, how is he still not dead?” 
“Hey! Somebody get over here!” Suddenly, Lin Tian called out loudly. 
Osius nearly jumped out of his skin, feeling like he had aged ten years, “Are you crazy? In this place…” 
“Boss!” Gobu Kuang and the others rushed in. 
Lin Tian nodded, asking, “How are the ones we brought out? Have they been healed yet?” 
“They’re still being treated, but they won’t wake up anytime soon,” Gobu reported. 
Lin Tian then pointed to the members of the Dragon Slayer Guild around them, “Take them all out as well.” 
“Got it!” 
Only Osius stood there, wide-eyed and frozen like a statue. 
What was happening in this world? Was he dreaming? So many goblins! 
Even as they carried him out of the dungeon. 
He stared in disbelief at the grand army and the dragons filling the sky! 
His eyes never blinked, and his breathing trembled. 
Holding his head in his hands, he felt like he could hardly breathe, “W-What is all this? Am I still in the human world?!” 
“Boss! We’ve killed all the escapees!” 
“There’s nothing unusual around us!” 
“What’s the next move?” 
At that moment, dwarves, dragons, goblins, and powerful monsters all respectfully reported to Lin Tian. 
Lin Tian replied calmly, “Regroup here, and in ten minutes, we’ll advance on the War Empire’s royal city!” 
“Yes, sir!!” 
Seeing this, Osius felt his scalp tingle, and his hair stood on end! He grabbed Lin Tian, “Tell me this is just a fantasy before I die, right? I’m sorry!” 
It wasn’t that they were mentally fragile or on the verge of collapse at the drop of a hat. 
But the scene before them was truly overwhelming! 
The sight of dragons filling the sky alone was enough to make an ordinary person faint. And then there were so many goblins. 
From a distance, dark energy surged skyward! 
The sun grew dim, dark clouds churned overhead, lightning crackled, and it was utterly terrifying. 
“Someone, treat his head.” Lin Tian ordered. 
When Osius saw the One-Eyed Owl being treated, he burst into tears, “You damn bastard, why did you hide so much from us? Your identity is so impressive!!!” 
Compared to his own failures! 
His friend’s success caused him even more pain! 
As he looked around, Osius, ignoring his injuries, stood on the high wall, staring out, “Oh my God! This spectacle… Goblin King? No, no, there’s no way a mere Goblin King could achieve this!” 
Just the dragons filling the sky above were already an apocalypse-level threat. 
And then there were the dwarves who had vanished for decades. 
“Damn it! Andy, you really should die! Why are you so impressive?!” 
Osius wiped away his tears, cursing through his sobs. 
He even wished he could go back to being imprisoned in the dungeon, waiting for death, rather than seeing this once-rookie achieve such greatness. 
Lin Tian shot him a glance, “Increase the dosage!” 
Osius was finally dragged away for treatment. 
Before long. 
The One-Eyed Owl was the first to wake up. Her injuries weren’t actually that severe; it was just that she hadn’t eaten in days and had been stuck in that position, leading to exhaustion. 
She immediately sought out Lin Tian, “Kid, what’s going on? I knew you were a monster, but I didn’t expect you to be this impressive! Ancient dragons, all out in force? It’s breathtakingly beautiful!” 
She raised her head, gazing at the dragons filling the sky. 
The One-Eyed Owl felt a shock and exhilaration like never before! 
Lin Tian finally explained, “I’m the newly risen King of the Goblin Empire. Also, these dragons are here to rescue you.” 
“To rescue us? Osius, get me a couple of spears to pin me back up.” 
The One-Eyed Owl turned around, looking regretful. 
She continued, “So many ancient dragons… I really want to dance among them. Why are they here to save me?” 
Lin Tian was at a loss, “Alright, Big Sis, put your crazy ideas away for today. Come with me to the War Empire.” 
Hearing this. 
The One-Eyed Owl’s eyes lit up, “Oh? You’re going to attack the War Empire??” 
“That’s right. Saving you means we’ll end up at war with them eventually, so the best plan is to strike first, before they can fully prepare.” 
Lin Tian replied, “The War Empire is a great empire, after all. If they have time to fully prepare, there’s no telling if we could handle them.” 
“Not to mention, there are several hungry wolves outside, waiting for an opportunity.” 
The One-Eyed Owl looked at him with admiration, “Your plan is excellent. Let’s go!! I have a score to settle with Alexander as well!” 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 174: Despair, the Dusk of Twilight City! 
TL: Sungmin 
At this moment. 
Grugia and the others also woke up. 
Although they hadn’t yet figured out the situation, as soon as they saw Landau on the ground, they rushed up to strangle him! 
The exhausted Katheryn was busy healing him just as he was about to be choked to death. 
“Aiya… Your Goblin Majesty, please come quickly, what’s gotten into them?” 
Finally, Katheryn had no choice but to call for help. 
The One-Eyed Owl turned around and shouted, “Enough! We’ll deal with that guy later. First, follow Andy—no, what’s your name?” 
“Lin Tian…” 
“First, follow Lin Tian to Twilight City to slaughter a god!” The One-Eyed Owl roared boldly. 
Speaking of god-slaying, it wasn’t exactly accurate. Alexander, like the One-Eyed Owl, was also a descendant of a demigod. 
With diluted bloodlines and no special divine powers, they were just far superior to ordinary people in every aspect. 
Grugia snapped out of his rage, “Big Sis?! What’s going on around here? And who is this Lin Tian?” 
Everyone was filled with dread. 
They realized that their surroundings were even more terrifying and dangerous than they had imagined! 
“Dragons, monsters, dwarves, goblins… Is this hell? Fine, fine, in hell, I can kill him countless times!” 
Grugia cursed as he turned to kill Landau again. 
Seeing this, Osius quickly came over and explained the situation to everyone. 
After hearing this. 
Grugia looked at Lin Tian with eyes full of disbelief, much like his earlier state, “You, you’ve got such a big setup! Damn it, that’s really annoying! I won’t dare mess with you anymore.” 
“Thank you, brother!” 
“I don’t even know how to repay you for saving my life, sigh!” 
“I knew something was off when he saved Big Sis from the Ironhorn Tribe, but I didn’t expect his true identity to be so intense!” 
“Goblin? It seems the definition of this race needs to be refreshed—not just by me, but by the entire world.” 
The remaining dozen members of the Dragon Slayer Guild sighed. 
Lin Tian then slowly walked up to Landau, “Big Sis, how do we deal with him?” 
“Damn goblin… Demon, madman! You’re a monster, why are you helping them? I knew from the beginning it was you who shattered my magic tool, what on earth…” Landau said bitterly. 
As soon as he saw the weapon in Lin Tian’s hand, he knew his identity. 
Upon hearing this, Osius was startled once again, “Was it you who shattered the Death Eye of Demon King Fischer? So that means we owe you two lives now—no, with Joan of Arc, that makes three?” 
Suddenly, the entire Dragon Slayer Guild fell silent, their expressions complicated. 
Even the One-Eyed Owl’s expression changed slightly, “You shattered the Death Eye? May I challenge you?” 
She said with a cold smile, placing a hand on Lin Tian’s shoulder. 
She couldn’t defeat the Demon King. 
But a monster capable of shattering the Demon King’s Eye was at least half a Demon King, right? 
Worth challenging. 
“Don’t mess around. I’m not one for senseless fighting; let’s all be peaceful.” Lin Tian chuckled awkwardly. 
Landau wished he could spit on him, “Beast, do you even feel shame saying that?” 
The One-Eyed Owl heard this and grabbed Landau like a dead dog. 
Grugia asked, “Big Sis, what are you doing? We haven’t had enough of our revenge yet.” 
“It’s enough. Time to send him on his way. We’ll take out the rest of our anger on Alexander!” The One-Eyed Owl said as she began gathering strength in her right fist.  
You could hear the sound of her breath slicing through the air between her teeth! 
She flung Landau forward. 
Then immediately swung her right fist! 
“Swish!” 
A force so strong that it ignited the air itself shot out from her punch, the intense burst of energy cutting through like a razor, instantly reducing Landau to a mist of blood! 
He didn’t even have time to utter his last words. 
After that, the One-Eyed Owl looked into the distance, cracking her knuckles, “Let’s go, I can’t wait any longer!” 
… 
Twilight City. 
Due to its geographic location, as long as it didn’t rain, the city enjoyed a stunning sunset every day. 
It covered a vast area, stretching beyond what the eye could see, and housed five million people. 
A city with a legacy of nearly a thousand years. 
It had seen times of great glory and deep decline. 
But after Alexander discovered the fossils of an ancient Titan race and joined forces with alchemists and mages to create the Titanification Magic Array— 
The city entered an era of unprecedented prosperity. 
What was once an ordinary empire developed into a great empire in just twenty years. 
It also became famous for a particular delicacy, the ‘Roasted Gommos Giant Worm,’ a dish with a unique flavor that people either loved or hated. 
Early this morning. 
The people of Twilight City began their day as usual, busy with their routines. 
A middle-aged man staggered down from a stone building, bought a roasted worm from a breakfast stall, paired it with sour berry jam, and washed it down with a glass of milk. 
His unique, dark culinary choice shocked countless passersby. 
“Ha, what a fuss. You poor souls who’ve never tasted anything good, better try it while you’re still alive.” The middle-aged man grumbled, savoring the meal before heading back to take a nap. 
But suddenly. 
His expression shifted slightly as he looked into the distance at the sky, “Hmm? Wasn’t the sun just out? Why is it gone now? I was planning to have another worm this afternoon and watch the sunset.” 
With that, he returned upstairs to sleep. 
However, the noise from downstairs kept him awake, growing louder and more chaotic until he couldn’t stand it anymore. 
He couldn’t help but push open the window and shout, “You bunch of uncivilized brutes! Quiet down…!” 
But as he took in the scene outside, his expression froze. 
A massive crowd of residents was rushing madly in one direction, like a flood breaking through a dam. 
Their faces were filled with terror. 
“Run!” 
“What the hell is happening? Why are there so many dragons in the sky!?” 
“Who cares, just run! I heard a few million monsters are attacking!” 
Hearing the panicked voices of the passersby, the middle-aged man felt a deep sense of foreboding. He turned his head to look. 
A giant dragon, pure white and smooth all over, was swooping down with its wings spread wide! 
Its body crackled with blinding lightning. 
“Zzzzzz!” 
The middle-aged man’s eyes widened, “Fuck…” 
In an instant, the entire area became a sea of lightning, turning everything to ash. 
Countless people were vaporized in agony! 
Behind Thunder Calamity, a large number of ancient dragons were the first to reach Twilight City. 
Then came the dwarves’ steel war machines, rumbling as they advanced! 
One after another, nitro bombs were dropped, and the eastern part of the city was on the brink of becoming ruins. 
But the residents of the southern, western, and northern districts managed to escape, seeking refuge in the shelters. 
Meanwhile. 
In the eastern city, all the prepared Titan Warriors activated the power of the Titan, with countless bolts of lightning descending upon them! 
The thunder was even broader and more dazzling than that of the dragon Thunder Calamity. 
Tens of thousands of ordinary Titan Warriors appeared, each about five to six meters tall—not as formidable as the Perfect Titan Warriors, but still an overwhelming force in a typical empire’s war. 
Unfortunately, they were nothing but toys in the hands of the ancient dragons. 
Faced with the solid all-metal city gate, Lin Tian couldn’t help but laugh, “What a joke, you made the gate out of metal, but you didn’t have enough material for the walls. How practical.” 
Indeed. 
The all-metal gate, a meter thick, could only be opened using a mechanism, but the walls were just made of stone. 
Bill shouted loudly, “Make way, make way! The war machine is coming!” 
“Boom, boom, boom…” 
The enormous war machine, with its sharp teeth, even started devouring the city gate. 
Moreover, this war machine could absorb the metal it ate, automatically repairing any damage it sustained. 
Lin Tian was surprised, “So, in the end, the real fool was me.” 
As the goblin army flooded into the city. 
The residents of the eastern district, who hadn’t managed to escape, fell into utter despair! 
Cries of fear and anguish quickly spread throughout the entire city. 
The desperate resistance of the Titan Warriors was like ants trying to shake a tree. 
Goblins and dwarves, using their small stature to their advantage, dodged the Titan Warriors’ attacks, jumping onto them. 
In no time, they had opened blood-soaked holes all over the Titan Warriors’ bodies. 
The warriors died instantly. 
Before long, the eastern district was completely overrun, with corpses strewn everywhere amidst the ruins. 
The stench of gunpowder and blood mingled together, carried by the wind to the other districts. 
The smell made the residents retch, the physical and psychological discomfort overwhelming them. 
Many nearly fainted. 
A middle-aged man in silver armor, with a sharp gaze, led his troops into the streets. 
He shouted around the entire southern city, “Hurry! Everyone must evacuate to the shelters in the northern or western districts! Don’t bring anything with you! Time is of the essence!” 
This man was the captain of the Southern District. 
The southern district had fifty thousand Titan Warriors and two hundred thousand elite soldiers. 
But now wasn’t the time to fight. 
The priority was to evacuate the residents and then unite the forces of the northern and western districts for a decisive battle in the southern district. 
They needed to minimize the city’s destruction and the loss of property. 
In the temporary council chamber. 
All the district captains, knight captains, lords, commanders, dukes, and nobles gathered. 
Each of them was anxious, frustrated, and filled with despair. 
“Captain! The enemy has about one or two million troops, including goblins, monsters, dwarves, and dragons. The situation is extremely unfavorable for us!” A scout rushed into the room, speaking anxiously. 
He was covered in blood, missing an arm, and his armor was in tatters. 
He was one of the few scouts who had escaped from the chaotic battlefield in the eastern city. 
Upon hearing this, the captain’s expression turned grim, “Damn it, Landau’s forces must have been wiped out. Even without Perfect Titan Warriors, no, even with them, we’d barely stand a chance!” 
“Who exactly… did the War Empire provoke to face such a massive and terrifying force? Why did they attack us so swiftly?!!!!” 
Others echoed his sentiment. 
They were filled with confusion and despair. 
The most terrifying thing wasn’t just the sheer size and complexity of Lin Tian’s forces. 
It was the speed of the attack. 
The magical barrier didn’t detect any magical fluctuations from teleportation points, as if such a massive army had suddenly appeared out of nowhere. 
This made it incredibly difficult to understand. 
Suddenly, the Southern District Captain had a moment of clarity, “It’s the Dragon Slayer Guild! They came from the direction of Dragon Slayer City, and because it’s an independent town, the magical barrier couldn’t detect any magical fluctuations from teleportation points!” 
Every great empire had magical barriers, not for defense, but for detection. 
They functioned like radars. 
These barriers could sense magical fluctuations from teleportation points set up after the barrier’s installation, preventing enemy troops from sneaking in. 
Previously, when Lin Tian was in the Great Tomb and wanted to set up a magical array in the snowy plains, he had reported it to Rebecca. 
“Damn it, I’ve said before that this potential threat should have been eradicated! And now, what are we supposed to do about Twilight City?” The Northern District Captain gritted his teeth in hatred. 
He was trembling with rage. 
The Southern District Captain sighed, “I have a feeling this attack is connected to the Dragon Slayer Guild. Perhaps the Landau family’s offense against them became the catalyst for their plan to destroy us!” 
“That’s right. I just received word from a scout that they spotted the shadow of the One-Eyed Owl…” The Western District Captain said gravely. 
A duke stood up, “Everyone, we need to stay calm. The Emperor isn’t here, so what we should be discussing is how to drive them back!” 
Alexander, along with several of the empire’s strongest warriors and world-class adventurers, had gone to raid a dungeon to defeat a Demon King. 
They hadn’t returned yet. 
Hearing the reports on Lin Tian’s forces had nearly paralyzed these people with fear. 
They didn’t dare think about defeating the enemy. 
If they could just repel them and stabilize the situation, it would already be a miracle. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 175: A War of Near-Death Experience 
TL: Sungmin 
“It’s impossible! With such power launching an attack, we can’t possibly hold them off—escaping is not even an option!” 
A nobleman clutched his head, his pupils trembling in fear! 
It wasn’t that he was trying to weaken morale at this moment. 
Anyone with a brain, upon hearing the enemy’s strength and seeing those countless dragons in the sky, would think that defeat was inevitable. 
Those who remained calm were only doing so because they had strong mental fortitude. 
But ultimately, this was the reaction of most people. 
No one refuted him. 
The Southern District Captain gritted his teeth and said, “There’s not much time left. The remaining forces in the Eastern District are nearly wiped out. Are we going to fight or not?!” 
“What are we going to fight with? The combined forces of the three districts only amount to 140,000 Titan Warriors, 900,000 elite soldiers, and one million militia! The enemy has dozens of ancient dragons! Even if we gathered all our forces across the nation, it would be useless!” 
“He’s right. We have no experience in dragon slaying, and no individual fighters strong enough. If only the Dragon Slayer Guild were on our side, we’d still have a fighting chance!” 
“Maybe we should surrender! As long as we’re alive, there’s still hope!” 
“You’re naive. These are monsters—goblins, dwarves, dragons! Every single one of them hates humans to the core!” 
“Stop daydreaming! Go to the warehouse and bring out the dragon-slaying weapons. If we don’t fight, are we just going to wait here to die?” 
“We’ve already investigated; the leader of this army is the newly risen Goblin Empire! Damn it, what has this world come to? Goblins allied with so many dragons?!” 
“Goblins and dragons are nothing! The dwarves are the real problem! It’s your fault for constantly capturing them to make magic tools. If you hadn’t, would they have joined the goblin army?!” 
For a moment, the entire meeting room turned into a blame game. 
Everyone started shouting at each other, releasing long-held grudges between the different factions. 
Finally, the Southern District Captain drew his sword and slammed it onto the meeting table. “Enough! We can’t run, and we can’t win! So, do we wait here to be slaughtered, or do we die fighting? You decide!” 
“Anyone who wants to die fighting, come with me!” 
With that, the Southern District Captain left in anger, going out to command the transport of all the dragon-slaying weapons. 
However, many nobles and lords remained behind in the room. 
After all the soldier captains had left, they each returned home to pack their belongings and prepare to flee. 
When the Southern District Captain returned to notify them to prepare for battle, he found the room empty. 
Furious, he cursed, “You useless cowards! You live off the empire’s wealth and enjoy the best treatment! But when trouble comes, you all run away faster than anyone!” 
But right now, there was no time to worry about such things. 
In the Eastern District district, the last Titan Warrior fell, completely devoured by the dragons. 
Lin Tian looked into the distance. Without pausing, he commanded, “Go! Strike directly at their heart! Don’t give them a moment to catch their breath!” 
“Kill!” 
The sound of their war cries shook the earth. 
The army thundered forward, crushing everything in its path! 
At this time, Gobu Tian, who had been sent to scout the enemy’s situation, returned. “Boss, tell the dragons to be careful. They’ve set up a lot of dragon-slaying weapons ahead and gathered the city’s entire military force.” 
“Alright, keep watching. If you can assassinate their leader, do it.” Lin Tian spoke. 
A city on the verge of collapse was only dangerous if it had a leader with unwavering faith to rally the remaining forces. 
As long as that person was killed, the rest could be easily pushed into the abyss. 
Gobu Tian nodded. “Understood. I remember what you said, Boss. And I noticed someone like that among them.” 
“Go on.” 
Then, Lin Tian called over Little Black and the Flame Dragon Mother. “Don’t get too close. Let the dwarves and goblin army enter the battlefield first and destroy the dragon-slaying weapons.” 
“No problem!” 
Next, Lin Tian spoke to Master Bill. “Master, take the war machines and shove them right in their faces!” 
“Hahaha! Will do!” 
Bill, who had somehow gotten his hands on a large bottle of liquor, responded heartily. 
The One-Eyed Owl asked, “What about Alexander? Is he not here?” 
Lin Tian shook his head. “The scouts didn’t see him; he might have escaped.” 
“Is that so? Then we’ll just have to vent our anger on those dukes and nobles! Let’s go!” 
With that, the One-Eyed Owl moved swiftly through the ruins, charging at the forefront! 
The dwarves and goblins continued their assault. 
Within the Southern District district, over a hundred heavy crossbows, each more than twenty meters long, had been set up. 
Additionally, there were ten giant crossbows over fifty meters long. 
These were more than capable of killing dragons like Scar. 
They were even magically enhanced by mages. 
No other empire had crossbows this large, making them helpless against ancient dragons. 
But the War Empire had Titan Warriors to operate them, allowing for quick reloading and firing. 
They were often used in conventional battles, capable of shooting down every enemy within a kilometer straight line with a single bolt! 
Just in time, they could now use these weapons to slay dragons. 
“They’re here! Wait, those in the air are dwarves!” 
A few arrows were launched, but unfortunately, the dwarves’ steel war machines were only a few meters in size. It was like trying to hit a mosquito with a cannon—how could they possibly land a shot? 
“Watch the ground, the goblins are swarming in!” 
The Southern District Captain led from the front, directing the battle as he stood on the front lines. 
He hurriedly issued more orders, “Where are the Titan Warriors? Stop those goblins and dwarves!” 
Zzzz! 
Countless bolts of lightning struck down, bathing the entire Southern District district in a golden ocean of light! 
The Titans, with thunderous steps, charged toward the goblin army. 
Both sides were quickly locked in a fierce struggle. 
There were enough Titans that, for a moment, the goblins were pushed back. 
The Southern District Captain’s face darkened, “Damn it, that giant dwarven machine has to be destroyed first. Who’s going to do it?” 
“I will! Corto, I leave Twilight City to you!” 
The Northern District Captain stepped forward, accompanied by his loyal followers. 
He was fully prepared. 
He had the mages engrave explosive magic on his body. After transforming into a Titan, his body could hold dozens of explosive spells. 
He planned to charge into the mouth of the war machine and detonate it from within. 
Corto, the Southern District Captain, looked resolute, “Javier, you are a true warrior, and I will remember your sacrifice!” 
At the front lines, Bill was drinking, sitting inside the war machine. “Hahaha! A bunch of trash, come on, come on! Be chewed to pieces!” 
The war machine’s massive jaws, like a ravenous snake, opened and closed, devouring and crushing countless Titan Warriors. 
Suddenly, Bill noticed a group of Titan Warriors, each about twenty to thirty meters tall, charging toward him from a distance. 
The magic arrays on their bodies glowed brightly. 
He immediately sensed something was wrong. 
“Oh? These trash are trying to blow themselves up? How naive!” Bill sneered in disdain and continued drinking. 
Javier’s eyes were filled with determination as he shouted, “Charge, soldiers! We are the most glorious!” 
Clang, clang, clang! 
The sound of the steel jaws closing was terrifying! 
But Javier still charged inside! 
In an instant! 
His body was torn in two, blood splattering everywhere! 
Red, nothing but red everywhere! 
It was the symbol of death. 
Those following Javier only saw their vision blur, as everything was covered in a layer of red, obscuring their sight. 
It felt as though their hearts had stopped! 
Everything fell silent. 
For some reason, they felt an eerie sense of clarity. 
“Ah… what’s happening? Is this… death? Captain Javier?” 
The group suddenly saw the recently deceased Javier and felt a deep confusion. 
Then, a dozen Titan Warriors rushed into the war machine. 
… 
Boom! 
In the next moment, a blinding flash exploded! The deafening roar echoed through the air! 
The force of the explosion caused space itself to contract! 
Then it rapidly expanded! 
Unleashing a cataclysmic shockwave! 
Everything within a hundred meters—Titan Warriors, goblins—was engulfed by the flames, their flesh vaporized in an instant. 
They were reduced to skeletons, and even those skeletons turned to black ash! 
Everything within a kilometer radius was violently blown away. 
Bill, staggering above, dropped his bottle. “Damn, was it really that powerful? These lunatics destroyed my machine!” 
The war machine made a cracking sound. 
Its jaw disconnected from the main body. 
It came to a stop. 
From a distance, Southern District Captain Corto watched this scene, his expression deadly serious. “Javier, you have bravely and perfectly completed your mission!” 
The soldiers of the War Empire’s camp began to cheer! 
This was the first step; as long as the machine stopped, they could gain a significant advantage. 
However… 
Bill somehow pulled out another bottle of liquor, took a swig, and pressed a red button. 
The steel that had been consumed earlier began to refine and absorb. 
The war machine’s broken jaw started to fuse back together. 
Clang, clang, clang! 
That seemingly unstoppable war machine roared back to life! 
At that moment. 
Even Corto felt a sliver of despair. “Is this the power of dwarves? The ability to turn anything into a magical tool…” 
“Hahaha! You’re brave—not trash! You’re a bunch of brave trash!” Bill mocked as he continued advancing. 
However, the machine’s speed was now significantly slower. 
Corto quickly ordered, “Forget about him, just move the dragon-slaying weapons away! As long as you don’t get close, you’ll be fine! Focus on holding off the goblins!” 
“Not good! The dragon is coming!” 
In the distant sky. 
An earth elemental dragon was diving toward Corto’s position, intending to trigger an earthquake and send them all plummeting into a crevice. 
Swish! 
Swish, swish, swish! 
But in an instant, a massive bolt was fired from the giant crossbow, striking the enormous body of the dragon, which was over five hundred meters long, with pinpoint accuracy. 
Then came dozens more bolts! 
The ancient dragon was struck all over, blood gushing from its wounds. It let out a pitiful cry as it plummeted toward the ground. 
The Flame Dragon Mother roared in fury, her draconic might shaking the very heavens and earth! “Why didn’t he wait a bit longer!” 
“He was too far away earlier; maybe he didn’t hear the orders. What a shame,” Scar said heavily. 
At this moment, Corto and his men were filled with renewed morale, cheering, “Good, good, good! Did you see that? We just killed an ancient dragon! We’re going to win this!” 
“Kill them!” 
As he spoke, Corto continued to fight fiercely against the dwarves and goblins. 
But then, his heart suddenly tightened, a sense of foreboding washing over him. 
Boom! 
A fifty-meter-tall Titan collapsed right in front of him, crushing a dozen of his comrades to death beneath its massive body. 
Standing atop the corpse was the One-Eyed Owl, swiftly moving toward the dragon-slaying weapons. “Come on, you bastards! Let’s have some fun!” she taunted. 
Hey everyone! Happy New Year! 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 176: Joan of Arc Reappears, The War Empire is Annihilated! 
TL: Sungmin 
“Yes! It’s the One-Eyed Owl! Run!” 
A Titan Warrior, manning a heavy crossbow, turned to flee the moment he saw her. 
He didn’t even care about the threats from the overseer knights! 
He preferred taking his chances with the overseer’s punishment over dying at the hands of that maniac. 
Seeing this, the overseer knights lined up, spears in hand, and commanded, “Hold the line!!! No retreating!!” 
Every nation had overseer squads to prevent desertion during wartime, as any signs of retreat could severely impact morale. 
The overseer knights were highly skilled, and one of them immediately pierced the fleeing Titan Warrior, lifting him into the air with sheer force! 
“Take a good look! This is the fate of a deserter…” 
Just as the overseer knight turned to warn the others, the sight before him froze him in fear. 
The One-Eyed Owl had already charged up to one of the giant crossbows, a smirk on her lips. “Heh, what fun are these toys? Let’s have a real brawl!” 
“Swish, swish, swish!” 
Her fierce punches roared through the air! 
She shattered one of the crossbow carts into fragments with a single strike! 
In the next moment, she grabbed a Titan Warrior by the finger and swung him around like a massive hammer! 
In the blink of an eye, she had smashed numerous crossbows to pieces. 
Any Titans who tried to approach were sent flying by her blows. 
A spinning whirlwind! 
Dozens of Titan Warriors were sent hurtling into the air! 
The debris from the crossbows scattered everywhere! 
The scene was so overwhelming that the nearby warriors, who had been trying to defend the crossbows, all turned and ran. 
They’d rather face the wrath of the overseer knights than end up being smashed like that, their brains turned to mush. 
“This… this lunatic!” 
Even the overseer knights turned tail and fled. “Captain Corto! The One-Eyed Owl has broken through! You have to do something—she’s destroying all the dragon-slaying weapons!” 
Hearing this, Corto’s face turned grim from a distance. “Damn it, we can’t even handle things over here! Is… is our War Empire really going to fall?!” 
For a moment, everything seemed to stop. 
The goblins broke through the defenses, and together with the One-Eyed Owl, they quickly destroyed all the dragon-slaying weapons. 
The few remaining weapons were abandoned, as no one dared to operate them anymore. 
Everyone retreated. 
The final defense line, made up of a million soldiers and a million militia, collapsed the moment the dragons appeared! 
“Captain, what should we do?!” 
Facing the onslaught of dragons, the soldiers gave up resisting and fled alongside the overseer knights. 
The enormous body of the Flame Dragon Mother loomed over them, exuding a suffocating pressure! 
Her eyes were as clear as pearls, and when she opened her mouth, filled with sharp teeth, a glow began to emanate from her chest. 
Her mouth overflowed with flames, as molten as lava. 
The soldiers, looking back at this terrifying sight, were paralyzed with fear, their bodies trembling uncontrollably. 
“No! No! Don’t come any closer!!” 
“Where is our god? Someone save us, I don’t want to die!” 
“Aaaah…” 
“Boom!” 
Suddenly, an overwhelming torrent of fire spewed from her mouth, stretching for miles! 
The sight was as breathtaking as it was terrifying! 
Yet beneath this splendor lay the screams of tens of thousands, their terror and despair as they perished in the flames! 
The power was overwhelming. 
But it wasn’t over. As the Flame Dragon Mother ascended, Scar, Thunder Calamity, and Sin swooped down for a second wave of attacks. 
Among the fleeing crowd, Corto’s forehead throbbed, his veins bulging as he strained to give commands, only to hear a sudden ringing in his ears! 
It felt as though his hearing had gone, yet he could still clearly hear his own rapid breathing. 
Looking around, everything seemed to slow down. 
The despair and fear on every face were visible in stunning detail. 
Some people stumbled, piling on top of each other, losing their balance. 
Others trembled uncontrollably, cowering on the ground in prayer. 
There were those dragging their severed legs, ignoring the blood and pain as they desperately tried to flee, clinging to the hope of survival. 
Corto paused, “Am I… am I going to die?” 
He looked back, against the flow of the crowd, at the dragons descending with murderous intent. Slowly, he closed his eyes. 
There was no hope, no miracle. 
Engulfed in a storm of lightning and fire, he, like the other soldiers, was reduced to ashes. 
And thus… 
The War Empire was declared defeated. The complete eradication of its remaining soldiers was now only a matter of time. 
Lin Tian stood on the crumbling bell tower, gazing over the vast ruins. 
In the City of Twilight, there was no sunset today, but the old brilliance remained. 
The dragon’s flames swept across every inch of land. 
Until all was reduced to ashes. 
Even the fleeing nobles couldn’t escape the dwarves’ wrath and were all slaughtered by steel war machines outside the western district. 
“Hahaha, the Goblin Empire can now declare its establishment to the entire continent, bringing absolute shock with its absolute power!” 
Bill sat atop the war machine, grinning with satisfaction. 
They say when a whale falls, life flourishes. 
The dwarves, too, could return to the surface by relying on the goblins, and the dragons no longer needed to hide in tree hollows. 
Lin Tian felt a deep sense of emotion; this victory carried immense significance, even though it was built upon death and blood. 
But it was the only way to declare their presence to the world! 
The goblins—vicious goblins—were no longer low-level monsters. They could now stand on equal footing with the leaders of any empire! 
Soon after, they began clearing the battlefield. 
Although the eastern and southern districts of the city had been reduced to ruins by the dragons’ destructive power, the central, north, and western districts remained intact. 
There were many supplies here, which could greatly enhance the overall strength of the Goblin Empire. 
The group arrived in the central area to rest and recover. 
The goblin army and the dragons would rest in the ruined sections, keeping them from causing further damage. This city was a treasure and could serve as a critical stronghold against attacks from other empires. 
The Goblin Empire was located on the continent’s edge, with the Great Tomb behind it and the Abyss of Nothingness beyond that. 
To the outside, they faced the destroyed Sword Kingdom and the Magic Kingdom. 
Further out lay the War Empire. 
So, any empire that wanted to invade would first have to pass through here. 
In the future, they could develop this place into a secondary capital. 
Upon entering the magnificent palace, everyone sat down to rest, eat, and think about the tasks ahead. 
These wouldn’t be as simple as the battle had been. 
They needed to consider the dwarves, dragons, the Dragon Slayer Guild, and the distribution of this city. 
The One-Eyed Owl, exhausted and drenched in fragrant sweat, wandered around the center of the palace. 
Bill couldn’t help but gulp as he watched, his eyes shining with desire. He focused intently on a drop of sweat that trickled down her finely sculpted abs, disappearing into the crevice of her muscles. 
“Hey, old dwarf, I’m kindly reminding you—control your eyes and your mouth, or you’re going to suffer.”  
At that moment, Grugia walked past him and spoke. 
Though his tone was harsh, his irritation stemmed from concern for their boss, the One-Eyed Owl. He didn’t want Bill to end up getting pounded to the point where he couldn’t handle it. 
The One-Eyed Owl, still full of energy, then shouted, “Kid, with Alexander not here, I’m not satisfied yet! How about you and I have a close combat match? I’ll make you fall in love with the feeling of skin-to-skin contact, that tight, intimate touch!” 
“Tell me, how can I not look? With what she just said, how am I supposed to keep my thoughts straight?” Bill couldn’t help but blurt out. 
Lin Tian, deep in thought, chuckled. “Master Bill, you saw how she looked just now. If that’s where your mind went, could it be that you’ve been starved for too long? Should I call some young, beautiful girls over to ease your mind?” 
Since ancient times, soldiers had always craved one thing after a victory. 
Once inside the city, they would take whatever they wanted, indulge in whoever they pleased. 
There was no shortage of women. 
“Forget it, you should focus on what to do next. Don’t worry about these old bones of mine,” Bill replied gruffly. He did want it, but at this point, it was just a thought. 
At the palace’s meeting table, the Flame Dragon Mother had already taken on a humanoid form, dressed in a fiery, seductive gown, sitting in one corner with an air of elegance. 
She didn’t speak, merely observing the group in silence. 
Adele, too, wore a solemn expression, contemplating whether the dwarves should move their nation to the surface or live in the goblin capital under Lin Tian’s protection. 
The members of the Dragon Slayer Guild, including Osius, also turned their gaze toward the One-Eyed Owl. 
She felt embarrassed, unsure of what decision to make. 
At that moment, Alice, who had been commanding the three armies, flew to the palace entrance and spoke gravely, “Messenger, we have an emergency.” 
Hearing this, everyone’s expressions changed slightly. 
“It seems the king of the War Empire has returned, and he has many extremely powerful companions with him. Their threat level is far greater than that of the millions of troops we just defeated,” Alice continued. 
At this, no one could remain seated. 
They all hurried to investigate. 
Outside the eastern city walls, a massive teleportation magic circle still shimmered on the ground, its colors dazzling. 
Alexander, piloting the magic device ‘Roaring Chariot,’ circled in the air, shouting, “Damn it! Damn it! Damn it! Why are there so many goblins, so many dragons, and even… dwarves?!” 
Back outside the city, Joan of Arc, mounted on a white warhorse, inquired, “Your Majesty Alexander, what’s the situation inside? Is it severe?” 
“Your Majesty Joan! The War Empire… has fallen!” Alexander replied, his face twisted with bitterness and despair. 
The dozen or so people around him let out sighs of disbelief. 
Joan’s expression shifted, filled with deep concern and anger. “Do not fear, with us here, we will reclaim your empire for you.” 
With that, the group moved to the city walls. 
When they saw the endless ruins filled with monsters and the dragons soaring in the sky, they were all shocked and speechless! 
Even Joan of Arc found it hard to believe. 
At that moment, Lin Tian and his companions arrived quickly, and when he saw who they were, his expression also changed. 
Instinct! 
Instinct alone told him that this group of people was definitely not to be trifled with, but he wouldn’t back down either. 
From a distance, Joan of Arc locked eyes with Lin Tian, who stood among the dragons, dwarves, and monsters. 
Their gazes met. 
One pair of eyes was blood-red and sinister, while the other was clear and bright, filled with righteousness and anger. 
Sparks flew between them! 
“It’s him!” 
With just one glance, Joan recognized Lin Tian, her expression turning complex. 
Back then, she had even considered Lin Tian’s actions as reasonable, defending him with her words. But she hadn’t expected such a grave mistake to result from it. 
Now, she couldn’t possibly turn a blind eye to the War Empire’s downfall! 
… 
Hi everyone! We’re now recruiting translators and editors. Paid and unpaid. Paid has more stringent requirements. Unpaid can be paid by getting to read in advance or be gifted a Premium subscription on Etude Translations. To apply, join our Discord for more details <a href="https://discord.gg/GPMykdXswt">https://discord.gg/GPMykdXswt</a> 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 177: The Demigod’s Wrath. Big Sis, Be Good, Stop Messing Around! 
TL: Sungmin 
“Damn goblins! Monsters! Dragons, dwarves! Dragon Slayer Guild! You despicable bastards, attacking my country while I was away, slaughtering my people—you all deserve to die!!!” 
Upon seeing Lin Tian and the others approach, Alexander’s old face twisted with fury. He was driving his war chariot, itching to run Lin Tian and his group over. 
A captivating woman holding a staff stopped him, “Your Majesty Alexander, please calm down. For these monsters to destroy your country so quickly, they must be incredibly powerful.” 
“Captain Emma! How do you expect me to calm down?! Ahhh!” 
Alexander was grinding his teeth so hard they nearly shattered. He struggled to regain his composure. 
However, the One-Eyed Owl spoke up, “Despicable? Your Majesty Alexander, isn’t it despicable that you used public office to settle private scores? A king like you, who knowingly shielded Patrick despite his vile treachery, causing the destruction of the Grugia family—who’s the real despicable one here? And after a legitimate act of vengeance, you sent troops to attack us. Who’s the despicable one now?” 
At that moment, Alexander lost all restraint. “Very well, Elizabeth Tilly! So it was you who conspired with these monsters—I’ll kill you!!!” 
“Rumble, rumble!” 
The war chariot roared with the thunder of iron, mirroring his inner turmoil! Immediately, he charged forward! 
The One-Eyed Owl grinned, pushed off with her legs, and seemed to fly toward the chariot! 
“Your Majesty Alexander, don’t be rash!” Joan of Arc called out with concern, but it was already too late. 
Lin Tian also wanted to call back the One-Eyed Owl, knowing that there were too many top-tier opponents on the other side. But on second thought, who could possibly stop a lioness gone mad, breaking free from her cage? 
You’d have to be insane to try. 
“Boom!” 
In the sky, a deafening explosion rang out, and flames erupted everywhere! The pieces of the war chariot flew in all directions, and Alexander was flung out from the flames! 
He crashed into the city wall, knocking down a section of it, leaving bricks scattered all over the ground. 
The One-Eyed Owl clenched her fists and charged at him with a crazed expression! 
Alexander was so terrified he didn’t even dare to breathe. He quickly got up to defend himself, and their fists collided. 
The shockwave from their clash shattered all the surrounding bricks! 
The visual impact was utterly breathtaking! 
By now, Lin Tian could clearly see the strength of all the opponents. 
He hadn’t expected each one to be more formidable than the last. 
Most of them had over ten thousand combat power. 
Some even had over fifteen thousand. 
But the most terrifying, the one with overwhelming power, was Joan of Arc. 
[Davens · Joan of Arc Lv100<br/>
Race: Demigod<br/>
Profession: None<br/>
Title: Demigod Incarnate, Child of Athena, The Greatest King, The Greatest Saintess…<br/>
Health: 4000<br/>
Strength: 2000<br/>
Defense: 1900<br/>
Skills: Ultimate Holy Sword, Divine Power Domain, Unyielding Battle Soul, Athena’s Holy Spear Judgment…<br/>
Equipment: Sword of Faith, Super Alloy Armor, Magic Tool · Immortal Shield<br/>
Overall: 16999] 
With such terrifying strength, if she were to harbor any murderous intent, none of them would stand a chance. 
Behind her, there were several people wearing crowns, clearly kings of their own realms. 
And there was also a group whose chest emblems were strikingly prominent! 
Mythic-class Adventurers!!! 
These were among the very top-tier adventurer groups of this continent, definitely from the Star Sanctuary! 
The Star Sanctuary was equivalent to the continent’s Adventurer’s Guild headquarters. Any team formally joining it had to be Mythic-class. 
Their daily activities involved either slaying Demon Kings or contributing to world peace. 
Or perhaps being hired by a powerful nation to participate in national wars. 
They also explored mysterious, uncharted continents and territories. 
In short, they were extremely powerful. 
“Bang!” 
At that moment, the One-Eyed Owl and Alexander were still fiercely battling. 
Both were descendants of demigods, with some divine blood flowing in their veins. 
Their combat power was both around 13,000. 
But, Alexander was clearly struggling, “Madwoman! Enough! Stop it!” 
By now, his fists were drenched in blood. 
The One-Eyed Owl, driven by a frenzy, continued her relentless assault, her punches coming too fast for him to counter. 
He didn’t even have a chance to draw his weapon. 
“This is just the beginning, Your Majesty Alexander!! Unless I die or you die, this will never stop!” 
The One-Eyed Owl shouted maniacally, her eyes nearly rolling back as she was completely overtaken by the desire to fight, losing all sense of reason! 
Her mind was fixated solely on killing him or being killed by him. 
Alexander, despite his cleverness, was now utterly lost on what to do! 
Although someone as simple-minded as this would normally be easy to deal with, the One-Eyed Owl had managed to turn the situation into a mindless brawl, leaving even Alexander with a blank mind. 
Joan of Arc couldn’t stand it anymore and called out, “Your Majesty Alexander, stop just defending yourself—use your weapon!” 
“Yes, yes! I need to dodge first, then find an opening to draw my weapon. Once I do, you madwoman, you’re done for!” 
Alexander struggled to keep himself alert, his eyes fixed on the One-Eyed Owl’s attack trajectory. 
Finally, he found an opportunity! 
He quickly stepped back half a pace and reached for the large sword strapped to his back. 
“Not good!” 
But because he freed up one hand, he underestimated the One-Eyed Owl’s ability to fight more fiercely as the battle went on, her speed increasing even more! 
Even though he managed to dodge one punch, he didn’t expect her fists to come faster and in greater numbers! 
“Bang!” 
When her fist connected with Alexander’s shoulder, it was as if a missile had exploded! 
He was sent flying once again, crashing through another section of the city wall! 
His shoulder bones shattered in an instant, and the shockwave of the impact reverberated through his body, rattling his brain, almost knocking him unconscious! 
But it wasn’t over! 
The One-Eyed Owl, like an unstoppable machine, charged into the rubble of the city wall, her fists whistling through the air! 
It was clear that Alexander took several more hits. 
“Ahhhh!” 
In an instant, several massive blades of light burst out from the rubble, forcing the One-Eyed Owl to retreat. 
Alexander emerged, but one of his arms had been completely shattered, along with his shoulder! Blood was pouring out! 
Holding the Blade of War in his one remaining arm, the look in his eyes had completely shifted from battle readiness to sheer terror! 
He was terrified, wildly attacking in a panic. 
His eyes darted around, fearing the One-Eyed Owl might strike again. 
Finally, he locked onto her. 
“World-Class Combat Skill: Titan Deity’s Execution!!” 
“Ahhh!” 
Alexander roared, his entire body surging with power! Several magic circles formed and condensed around him. 
From within the magic circles, a towering, hundred-meter-tall pale purple specter appeared, wielding a massive blade. 
It was terrifying. 
The ancient, mysterious power radiating from it overwhelmed everyone’s minds. 
Then, the Titan Deity aimed at the One-Eyed Owl and struck down heavily! 
The One-Eyed Owl wasn’t foolish; she quickly dodged. 
As the deity’s giant blade descended, it carved a hundred-meter-long fissure into the earth! It was a shocking sight! 
And this wasn’t just a single strike. 
The deity could slash continuously, in a relentless fury! 
The One-Eyed Owl moved toward Joan of Arc and her group. By this point, Alexander was so triggered that he didn’t care who he might injure; he only wanted to kill the One-Eyed Owl. 
Seeing this, Joan of Arc lightly tapped the ground with the Sword of Faith, generating a pure, radiant protective shield that enveloped everyone. 
The deity’s strikes landed, but had no effect on them. 
However, the city wall beneath their feet couldn’t withstand the tremendous power and collapsed with a thunderous crash. 
It wasn’t long before Alexander, already exhausted from his earlier battle with the Demon King, could no longer sustain the deity’s presence, and the specter dissipated. 
The One-Eyed Owl grinned, “Done already? If you’re done, then it’s my turn again!” 
In an instant! 
A shadow flashed toward Alexander. 
The sound of flesh tearing was sickening! 
Alexander was sent flying again, his head battered and bleeding from the One-Eyed Owl’s punches, making him almost unrecognizable. 
It was a pitiful sight. 
The One-Eyed Owl immediately followed. 
From Alexander’s barely visible mouth, blood and froth bubbled out—perhaps he was trying to speak. 
He had lost all ability to fight back and lay motionless on the ground. 
The One-Eyed Owl stepped on his chest, her eyes full of disdain, “Hmph, this is what you deserve!!” 
At this scene, everyone was utterly shocked. 
Though they both had the same bloodline and similar strength, the One-Eyed Owl had almost completely crushed him. Her overwhelming momentum was clearly crucial, driving Alexander into a state where he couldn’t even retaliate or think straight. 
“Help… help me, Your Majesty Joan of Arc, Your Majesty Cantus! Lord Baroque! Captain Emma!” 
Finally, Alexander spat out the blood and shattered teeth from his mouth, calling out desperately. 
The group among the ruins of the city wall looked on with complex expressions. 
The kings of several empires glanced at the dragons soaring and roaring across the sky—who would dare provoke such a force? 
Moreover, there was an endless army of goblins, dwarves, and monsters! 
Even the Mythic-class adventurers didn’t want to get involved in this mess. They were likely waiting to see what the Star Sanctuary would decide before taking action. 
They all chose silence. 
It was nothing more than a temporary alliance, each having claimed their spoils for killing the Demon King. 
Now, they had nothing to do with each other. 
It wasn’t worth it to provoke such a terrifying monster faction for Alexander’s sake. 
Besides, they had only come because of Alexander’s persistent invitations; otherwise, they would have returned to their own lands long ago. 
But just as everyone remained silent and Alexander was in utter despair, Joan of Arc’s voice, like a beacon in the darkness, a hope amidst hopelessness, rang out! Though it was a gentle, melodic female voice, it carried immense power. 
“Lady Elizabeth, since you’ve had your revenge, could you spare his life?” 
Hearing this, Alexander was so moved he nearly wept. 
The kings standing behind Joan of Arc could only silently give her a thumbs-up; none of them could compare to her. 
“Spare him? Hmph, after so many people from the Dragon Slayer Guild have died, how can I just let that go? Who’s going to let it go?” Lin Tian said at that moment. 
Hearing this, Joan of Arc pointed to the ruins before them, her eyes filled with anger. “Goblins! Monsters! Look at the remains within these ruins! The souls of the dead are crying out in agony! 
Who will take responsibility for them? You vicious, detestable creature, I swear I will personally erase you from this world!” 
As she spoke, magical circles began to form around her sword. 
She aimed at the One-Eyed Owl, and like a laser cannon, fired a burst of pure, radiant energy imbued with the power of faith! 
The One-Eyed Owl didn’t dodge but took the blast head-on, yet she was still sent flying, with her forearm, used to block the beam, left mangled and bloody. 
She sneered, “Hahaha, the power of a demigod is nothing special after all!” 
“Oh dear, Big Sis, stop messing around. She wasn’t even using her full strength. Come on, let’s step back for now, okay?” 
The members of the Dragon Slayer Guild were all deeply worried. 
If the One-Eyed Owl and Joan of Arc started fighting, the consequences would be catastrophic. 
For the One-Eyed Owl, it was a fight to the death—Joan of Arc might not want to kill her, but she would have no choice but to do so to stop the battle. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 178: Joan of Arc: The Villain is Me? 
TL: Sungmin 
The One-Eyed Owl still wore an expression full of disdain. “Is there a problem? An attack like that is barely a scratch; my hands almost broke, that’s all. 
And what’s this about the greatest king, the greatest saintess, and a leader? Just a fool who can’t tell black from white!” 
It wasn’t that the One-Eyed Owl was deliberately mocking her. 
It was simply that she couldn’t stand Joan of Arc supporting Alexander. 
Upon hearing this. 
Joan of Arc did not get angry but argued calmly, “I just can’t bear to see a life fade away before my eyes. I once lived in the rotten, dark slave quarters where people died around me every day… 
Alexander may have mixed personal vendettas with his duties, but now he’s gotten what he deserves. Everything should be handled with compassion, not just violence.” 
Nearby. 
King Cantus quietly advised, “Your Highness Joan, it’s better to let it go. Alexander has already lost his kingdom, saving him has no meaning…” 
“Exactly, and he was the one who provoked others first. It’s only right that he ends up like this.” King Baroque added. 
Even the Mythic-class adventurers did not say a word in defense of Alexander. 
Instead, they all urged Joan of Arc to give up. 
It wasn’t worth making an enemy out of such a massive monster force. 
Especially with dragons and dwarves on their side! 
They even wanted to cozy up to the dwarves, hoping they would forge some magical gear for them. Though they often fought demon kings and earned many spoils, the gear they crafted was quite average. 
If the dwarves crafted it, that would be making the most out of it. 
Commander Emma spoke up, “Your Majesty Joan, let them settle their own grievances. Your empire was just established not long ago; getting into a conflict with these monsters would do more harm than good.” 
Hearing all these words. 
Even Alexander fell into despair, his eyes full of bitterness and helplessness. 
Indeed. 
He understood that he was only temporarily grouped with these people, with no real connections at all. 
To expect them to gamble their kingdom and lives to save him. 
Only a fool would do that. 
However, 
Joan of Arc drew her King’s Sword of Faith! An endless radiance burst forth from the blade! 
The power of faith, so overwhelming it was suffocating! 
This was the King’s Sword forged from the faith of millions! 
“I once swore in the slave pits that I would not give up on anyone, even if it meant betting my life! This is my kingly way!” 
Joan of Arc’s beautiful eyes held a blend of gentleness and strength! 
She raised her sword, ready to make a move to save him. 
The One-Eyed Owl wasn’t afraid at all, her battle spirit reignited after healing her hands! 
Just as tension filled the air, a bolt of lightning shot forth, forcing Joan of Arc to retreat. 
Lin Tian controlled the Spear of Zeus, mocking coldly, “What greatest strategist, war leader? Just an extreme individualist. Are you sure you want to gamble your kingdom, the lives of millions, on this? Isn’t that a bit too foolish?” 
Hearing this. 
Joan of Arc paused, momentarily stunned. 
“Indeed, Your Highness Joan, such a vast monster force, having absorbed the War Empire, has grown even stronger. Fighting them has no meaning, especially just for Alexander?” 
The others chimed in as well. 
Their soldiers were paid for their work; they wouldn’t go to war with a monster empire for world peace without a reason. 
Everything was driven by profit. 
Joan of Arc resolutely responded, “It’s not just for Alexander, but for all suffering humans in this world! I admit there is personal motivation, but… I will see it through to the end!” 
With that said! 
She transformed into a radiant light, forcing the One-Eyed Owl to retreat in an instant. 
Alexander blinked, and he was back among the group. 
But he was already on the verge of death. 
Joan of Arc quickly took out a super recovery potion, pouring it down without hesitation. 
“Damn it, that guy absolutely cannot be allowed to live!” 
The One-Eyed Owl was furious, preparing to charge at them and kill Alexander. 
But Lin Tian blocked her, “Forget it, Boss, that guy is as good as dead.” 
Joan of Arc’s gaze was firm, “As long as I’m here, you vile monsters and fallen humans will never succeed!” 
“Swish!” 
At that moment, the Spear of Zeus, which had been thrown earlier, returned from behind, crackling with thousands of lightning bolts! 
“Ahhhh!” 
It directly burned Alexander, who lay on the ground, to a crisp! 
Joan of Arc had not expected this, “Goblin! You ruthless and brutal monster, you’ve killed so many from the War Empire, can’t you spare even one life? Aren’t you afraid of divine punishment?” 
“Gods? I’ve already offended them. If they dare come punish me, I’ll let them taste the brutality and savagery of a goblin too, hahaha!” Lin Tian laughed coldly. 
Alexander definitely couldn’t be allowed to live; otherwise, he would use his connections to retaliate. 
The consequences would be unthinkable. 
Besides, this also helped the Dragon Slayer Guild get rid of a thorn in their side. 
Joan of Arc was filled with rage, yet she dared not act rashly. Instead, she began to reason, “You creatures born filthy and evil, when will you stop the killing? Can you not hear the wails of millions of souls before you? Why must you be so merciless, even killing Alexander after all he’s suffered… 
Today, I, Davens Joan of Arc, declare here and now that I will drive you evil beings out! Not a single one of you will remain! The blade of justice will sever your head!” 
Lin Tian narrowed his eyes and asked in return, “Justice? I’m sorry, Your Highness Joan, but I actually don’t want to be your enemy. However, aren’t you the one who’s truly guilty, working hand in glove with evildoers?” 
“I don’t want to be your enemy either, Goblin, but how can you accuse Joan of Arc of wrongdoing? She is the greatest saintess.” Behind them, King Cantus couldn’t help but speak up. 
Joan of Arc’s wisdom, courage, fearlessness, and spirit of self-sacrifice were well-known. 
It’s true that once, even Alicenia was responsible for her people, but that was merely due to her duties, not from the heart. 
She feared failing her responsibilities and being punished by the gods. 
But Joan of Arc, though a Child of God, lived among slaves, integrated with them, and led them to liberation. 
She saved every desperate and lost soul. 
Personally involved in the construction of the empire, she took on many roles. 
Though she was a queen, she abolished the monarchy, allowing the people to establish a parliament that would govern the nation, even over her decisions. 
She achieved true freedom and equality. 
And the key point was, she was only 19 years old. At an age when others were focused on love and relationships, she had already accomplished unimaginable feats. 
Her intellectual and moral standards were unprecedented. 
If King Cantus were not a king himself, he would have long since gone to live in her country. 
“Indeed, Goblin, you should not go too far. Her Highness Joan is the light of humanity, the one place where the people’s faith in a person surpasses that in the gods.” Commander Emma also spoke, her expression cold. 
Joan of Arc’s gaze remained resolute, like a torch in the darkness. “There’s no need to say more about these inherently evil monsters. I will drive them all out and rescue the souls from their suffering.” 
“Heh, Your Highness Joan, let me correct you. My Goblin Empire, along with the dwarves and dragons, couldn’t stand the War Empire’s slaughter of innocents and massacre of civilians. That’s why we took justice into our own hands and overthrew them.” Lin Tian laughed coldly, his tone full of mockery. 
Upon hearing this. 
Joan of Arc snorted, “So you mean to say that you monsters are doing something righteous?” 
The One-Eyed Owl sneered, “Of course! In my Dragon Slaughter City, though we have few people, we had seven thousand households, with over thirty thousand people. Alexander protected a criminal who slaughtered entire families, even sending troops to kill all but a few hundred of my thirty thousand citizens…” 
For a moment. 
Joan of Arc’s face slightly changed, her eyes evasive. 
“Kekeke, Your Highness Joan, I’m just a righteous goblin, after all. Now, what were you saying? That you were going to drive us out and cut off my head? It seems like you’re standing on the wrong side of justice!” Lin Tian said in a mocking tone, his voice dripping with sarcasm. 
This made Joan of Arc’s face flush with embarrassment. She opened her rosy lips but didn’t know what to say. 
Even King Cantus and the others remained silent, preferring to say as little as possible. 
They didn’t want to stir up trouble. 
This goblin was definitely not someone to be trifled with, not even Joan of Arc could stand up to him! 
Finally, Joan of Arc angrily retorted, “You… you’re cunning! Twisting words to suit your needs! Don’t think that by claiming justice, you can disguise your bloodthirsty nature. The root of all this evil is clearly Alexander. If you had just killed him, wouldn’t that have been enough!? Why did you have to kill so many others?” 
Lin Tian raised an eyebrow, smirking as he replied, “The War Empire was known for waging war and annexing weaker nations, hence its name. For the sake of world peace, I had to overthrow it. What’s wrong with that?” 
“You!” 
Joan of Arc found herself speechless for a moment. Was she the villain all along? 
The One-Eyed Owl beside her couldn’t hold back any longer. “Haha! Don’t say another word, kid. Her Majesty Joan is just 19, a good kid! Keep it up, and she might start crying.” 
“Oh, look at that little face; she’s already on the verge of tears!” 
“Don’t cry, don’t cry. Come here, let uncle give you a hug!” 
Osius and Grugia immediately began fanning the flames. 
Joan of Arc almost lost her composure, “I… you all…” 
Her faith wavered for a moment. 
Fortunately, she quickly recovered, “You monsters and fallen ones, stop speaking! Goblin, even if you twist words now, what about before? Don’t think I don’t know—you seized the Lionheart Empire, slaughtered the Sword Kingdom and the Magic Kingdom. All these sins are the reasons I will punish you!” 
“No, no, no~ 
Your Highness Joan, you’ve got it all wrong. It was the Great Tomb that defeated the Lionheart Empire. I was merely upholding justice by eliminating the Great Tomb, the monster that has plagued us for millennia. And you should take a look— the people of the Lionheart Empire are well-fed, warmly clothed, and living happily with their families! 
The Sword Kingdom and Magic Kingdom coveted the land my people and I created hand-in-hand. It was in self-defense that they were destroyed. Is there a problem with that? 
And now you keep pressing on, wanting to punish me. Are you saying that what I’ve done is evil? 
Is this how you define evil?! 
Oh my, I can’t imagine what kind of twisted and dark nation your people live in! I truly feel sorry for them…” 
Lin Tian’s string of accusations left Joan of Arc mentally exhausted, panicked, and bewildered. 
It seemed as if she had become the villain, about to attack a righteous protagonist. 
She truly felt a pang of guilt and regret in her heart. 
King Cantus, Commander Emma, and the others were rendered speechless by Lin Tian’s words.  
“This guy… this guy! This guy is just… too much! Too!” 
They struggled for a long time. 
But in the end, they couldn’t muster a single word in rebuttal. 
The feeling of injustice was like that of a child who hadn’t done anything wrong but was falsely accused and punished, while the real culprit received praise and rewards, all while mocking them. 
Anyone less resilient would have broken down in tears from the sheer frustration. 
… 
Lmao, what the heck is Lin Tian spouting. Crazy gaslighting. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 179: Everything Settled! The Path Ahead is Clear! 
TL: Sungmin 
“Pfft! Kid, I won’t dare to spar with you verbally anymore,” said the One-Eyed Owl, laughing so hard she could barely stand. She hooked her arm around Lin Tian’s neck to steady herself. 
Gobu Kuang and the others let out sinister laughs, nearly shattering Joan of Arc’s final mental defenses. 
Lin Tian, in a slightly irritated tone, said, “Big Sis, I wasn’t just talking nonsense. I am the embodiment of justice, after all.” 
Upon hearing the words “embodiment of justice,” Joan of Arc felt even more frustrated. There was no way to argue back, so she decided not to retort. 
“Goblin, remember this: don’t let me catch you committing any crimes, or I won’t let you off!” Joan of Arc threatened as she turned to leave. 
Lin Tian nodded repeatedly, mockingly saying, “Alright, alright, goodbye, Your Majesty Joan of Arc~” 
“Don’t call me ‘Your Majesty’; I’m not a king. I’ll be watching you—every day!” 
After finishing her words, Joan of Arc rode off on her white horse at full speed. The others quickly followed, not wanting to be associated with Lin Tian, fearing they’d be seen as criminals. Who would they turn to for help then? 
“Wow, kid, you’re amazing. I thought we were in for a deadly fight today. But watch out; being targeted by that woman is no joke,” the One-Eyed Owl said with a laugh. 
Lin Tian shrugged. “I always act upright and fair. No one can catch me doing anything wrong, unless… well, if it’s a woman, hmm, it’s hard to say if she’ll catch me doing something.” 
“Boss, I’m sure she won’t catch you, but she might just catch your handle,” Gobu Kuang added with a sly grin. (couldn’t translate over the joke) 
The One-Eyed Owl looked completely puzzled. “What do you mean? Goblins have a higher level of culture than me? This is bad, bad! Osius! Go get me some books to read when we get back.” 
“Oh, Big Sis, you can’t understand this stuff by reading books. You have to do certain things to get it,” Osius said helplessly, unsure how to explain. 
The One-Eyed Owl looked confused. “What things? Try to catch someone doing something wrong?” 
Everyone exchanged glances, struggling to keep their expressions from becoming too lewd. 
Lin Tian coughed and said, “Theoretically, yes.” 
“Pfft! I’m not the type to hide in the shadows like a thief. If I do something, I do it openly,” the One-Eyed Owl said, waving her hand dismissively, full of disdain. 
Lin Tian could only sigh in response. 
Soon after, they all returned to the War Empire’s palace, finally able to relax after the nerve-wracking encounter. Joan of Arc was a well-known name, and her strength, being at the demigod level, was beyond doubt. She could crush everyone present. Without the large army and dragons, she probably would have taken things seriously long ago. 
A feast of fine wine and delicious food was prepared. Alice, Adele, the Flame Dragon Mother, and the others from the Dragon Slayer Guild helped distribute the food to the goblin army and the dwarves. Even the dragons needed to eat. 
Lin Tian and his companions gathered in the grand hall, eating and preparing to discuss their next steps. 
The One-Eyed Owl was devouring a chicken leg, washing down the food stuck in her throat with strong liquor, leaving everyone else stunned. “Ah! That was refreshing! This wine isn’t bad—pretty strong…” 
But before she could finish her sentence, Bill, standing nearby, disdainfully tossed aside bottle after bottle. “Tasteless, tasteless. Human wine—is it made of water?” 
“What the—! Old Dwarf, are you serious?” Osius and Grugia were dumbfounded. 
Bill glanced at the two of them with a scoff. “Hmph! I could drink a whole table of people under the table while you two were still drinking milk! This stuff is just water to quench your thirst.” 
“Big Sis! Did you hear that? Can you let this slide? Aren’t you going to compete?” Osius asked eagerly. 
The One-Eyed Owl threw a bottle at him in irritation. “Do you think I’m an idiot? I can’t even outdrink Lin Tian, and you expect me to take on this dwarf? Since I first saw him, he hasn’t stopped drinking, and he’s not even drunk yet!” 
Hearing this, Osius and the others were almost dumbfounded. “Old Dwarf, how many days have you been drinking without getting drunk?” 
“I told you, human wine is just like water to me,” Bill said smugly. 
Immediately, Grugia sidled up to him with a sly smile. “Old Dwarf, I’ll take you to a great place to drink later. But remember, you’ve got to teach me the secret to not getting drunk.” 
“A great place? Sure, I like a smart guy like you,” Bill chuckled. 
At this moment, Lin Tian interrupted the lively chatter. “Alright, Adele and the Dragon Mother are back. It’s time to talk business.” 
The One-Eyed Owl asked, “What business? Isn’t eating and drinking serious business? I want to get a good night’s sleep later. It’s been almost a week since I’ve slept.” 
“As for this ‘serious business,’ it concerns where each of you plans to go next,” Lin Tian said in a solemn tone, his expression indifferent. 
With the war now concluded, the next matters to address were those concerning the dwarves, dragons, and the Dragon Slayer Guild. Although the dwarves and dragons had places to live, returning to the surface had been a long-cherished dream. The Dragon Slayer Guild, however, was now in shambles and beyond reformation. 
Hearing this, the One-Eyed Owl, Adele, and the Flame Dragon Mother all fell into deep thought. 
“What about you all? Where do you plan to go? The Dragon Slayer Guild can’t be rebuilt, I’m out of money, and there’s no place left to take on tasks to earn any,” the One-Eyed Owl asked everyone. 
The Dragon Slayer Guild was now like a floating leaf in the vast ocean. 
After much consideration, Osius and Grugia sought everyone’s opinions and concluded, “If you ask me, we should follow Lin Tian. He’s got a big empire now, and if we stick with him, we won’t have to worry about food and drink!” 
“Have you made up your mind? I don’t mind Lin Tian’s background, but you all should be prepared. After all, after hunting monsters for so long, it seems humans might be just as fun to hunt,” the One-Eyed Owl said, her eyes filled with fighting spirit. 
Choosing to side with the monsters would undoubtedly mean becoming enemies of humanity. 
Lin Tian added, “It’s not just humans—there will be opportunities to fight monsters too. If you want to join, I’d be very welcoming, but no freeloading.” 
“You’re so stingy! With such a huge empire, and having annexed the War Empire, how much could we possibly eat?” Osius grumbled. 
After consulting with the others, Grugia finally decided, “Alright then! Let’s join the Goblin Empire. After all, in the eyes of the world, we’re no different from monsters.” 
The One-Eyed Owl smiled with satisfaction. “Things are going to get more and more interesting! I wonder if it will be enough to satisfy my restless heart?” 
“It’ll definitely satisfy you. So, why don’t you all come with me!” Lin Tian said with a smile. 
He then turned his attention to the dwarves. 
It was true that dwarves preferred a peaceful life. Joining the Goblin Empire would likely mean facing dangers and constant warfare, which ran contrary to their nature. But without joining, returning to the surface would be nearly impossible. The current dwarf race was not as powerful as it had been hundreds or thousands of years ago and couldn’t form a strong empire on its own. Going out alone would only lead to being captured by various forces. 
Adele made the decision, “Dennis—no, Lin Tian—you hold a high place in the hearts of the dwarves, and many of the new generation are your descendants. We choose to join the Goblin Empire. However, could we be given a separate city or territory to live in?” 
They didn’t want to mix with a large number of monster races every day and still preferred to have their own city. 
Lin Tian smiled and nodded. “Sure! Not just one city, but ten if you need them. With your addition, the Goblin Empire will secure its place as a top empire on this continent!” 
The dwarves weren’t just skilled in creating magical tools; they were also experts in crafting siege weapons, defense mechanisms, and much more. With their support, the future would be unimaginably brilliant. 
“Hahaha, good! Since humanity has labeled us dwarves as monsters, let them witness the fury of our darkened hearts!” Bill laughed heartily, his decades of suppressed anger growing more intense. 
Lin Tian respectfully replied, “Then, Master Bill, I look forward to your future contributions!” 
He then turned his gaze to the aloof Flame Dragon Mother. 
She had remained silent and reserved throughout, unlike Little Black, who had transformed into a demihuman form and was now a clingy daughter constantly by Lin Tian’s side. 
“The ancient dragon race, in the eyes of humans and nearly every creature on this continent, is a symbol of disaster. We’re certainly the first target they’d seek to eradicate, so…” The Flame Dragon Mother paused, clearly torn. 
Lin Tian felt a pang of disappointment. He had hoped to bring the dragons into the Goblin Empire, which would ensure that even if several large empires formed an alliance, there would be no need to worry. But it seemed she only wanted her people to live in peace. 
However, the Flame Dragon Mother continued, “I recall that the Great Tomb is a vast enchanted forest with abundant resources. Why don’t we live there? If you’re ever in danger, I can bring my people to aid you. Even if we can’t win, we can retreat into the Abyss of Nothingness, where the old and weak of our race will be safe from pursuit. That place is even safer than the World Tree.” 
As the Dragon King, the Flame Dragon Mother had to consider the well-being of her tribe rather than act recklessly. 
Upon hearing this, Lin Tian finally felt relieved. “That’s certainly not a problem. The Demon King of the Great Tomb is already my prisoner. There’s even an underground palace there where you can reside!” 
“That will do,” the Flame Dragon Mother said with a sense of ease. 
Looking around at the table filled with people chatting and laughing, Lin Tian felt deeply gratified. The power of the goblins alone might not be enough to contend with all of humanity, or even the gods themselves. But now, Lin Tian saw a clear path to reaching the pinnacle! 
For now, handling the War Empire’s affairs would be the final task before returning to focus on finding ways to evolve. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 180: The Three Tyrants of the City, Gobu Kuang, Gobu Tian, Gobu Shan!! 
TL: Sungmin 
“Katheryn, how long will it take to set up a large teleportation array?” Lin Tian asked. 
To deal with this city, they first needed to establish a large teleportation array connected to the main city to facilitate movement. 
Moreover, it wasn’t feasible to keep exhausting Katheryn by making her teleport so many soldiers. 
The Infinite Holy Grail was also nearly depleted, and it would take several days and nights to fully recharge. 
However, even the War Empire didn’t have the capability to construct a large teleportation array. 
Katheryn appeared somewhat troubled. “Goblin Majesty, I can arrange it, but maintaining a large teleportation array requires a significant amount of legendary magic crystals…” 
Lin Tian had heard of legendary magic crystals before. Generally, they were obtained by defeating Demon Kings or slaying powerful monsters, extracting them from their bodies. 
Alternatively, one might be incredibly lucky to discover a magic crystal mine. 
They were somewhat akin to energy sources, similar to electricity or gas. 
But they were extremely rare. 
“That’s easy to handle. Let’s set up a few small teleportation arrays first. I’ll take care of the magic crystal problem later.” Lin Tian said. 
He didn’t have any legendary magic crystals, but substitutes could work just as well. 
He could bring a portion of the Yeti Tribe over, create an extremely cold environment, summon Snow Spirits, and produce magic crystals in large quantities. 
The effect might even surpass that of legendary magic crystals. 
Katheryn nodded and, after eating and drinking her fill, got busy. 
Then Lin Tian looked at everyone. “I’m heading back to the main city now. Are you planning to come along, or would you prefer to stay here until the large teleportation array is established?” 
“I’ll go take a look first. I’m curious to see what this unprecedented Goblin Empire is like!” Master Bill said with interest. 
Everyone else felt the same. 
The remaining dwarves, dragons, and goblins stayed behind to guard the city. 
As they stood in the teleportation array, brilliant light shot skyward, dazzling and radiant! 
In no time at all. 
The group arrived at the Goblin Empire’s plaza. 
Lia, Gobu Yue, Goblin Slayer, and others were already there, waiting vigilantly. 
Seeing so many strange and unfamiliar people, Gobu Yue grew wary. “Boss, are you okay? Are they friends or foes!?” 
Lia also readied her Hunting Longbow. 
They couldn’t rule out the possibility that Lin Tian had been taken hostage. 
“Well, well, you’ve got a golden house hidden away, huh? These two are both stunning!” 
The One-Eyed Owl smirked wickedly, eyeing Lia and Goblin Slayer. 
Gobu Yue was still wearing a tattered cloak, with only a pair of golden eyes visible. 
Her appearance was indiscernible. 
As the One-Eyed Owl approached with an arrogant and cocky expression, Lia let her guard slip, and the string of her Hunting Longbow loosened. An arrow whistled through the air, piercing the sky! 
The One-Eyed Owl, filled with disdain, prepared to dodge. But even though she evaded, the arrow turned mid-air! 
It lodged itself into her forearm. 
“Hiss! What kind of cursed bow is this?! The arrow can actually track me?” 
The One-Eyed Owl cursed, surprised as she pulled the bloody arrow out. 
Master Bill chuckled nearby. “That’s the Hunting Longbow I crafted. Hmph, all the weapons were taken away back then; I didn’t expect they’d be given to subordinates.” 
“Old man, did you say you made this?” 
In an instant. 
The One-Eyed Owl’s eye brimmed with murderous intent. 
Bill broke out in a cold sweat, and Lin Tian quickly intervened to stop the farce. “Alright, alright, Gobu Yue, Lia, they are my allies from now on. Ifreya, since you’re here, treat her wound, would you?” 
“Yes, Master.” 
Upon hearing this. 
Lia felt a wave of guilt and couldn’t even meet the One-Eyed Owl’s gaze. 
However, the One-Eyed Owl didn’t seem to care at all. “This elf is really tempting, huh? You must have gone through hell with her, haha!” 
“Gobu Yue, show them around the city. I have some matters to attend to.” 
Lin Tian instructed, then left. 
He needed to find the Yeti Tribe and bring them to Twilight City, then establish a large magic array. 
He planned to teleport the goblin army, dwarves, and dragons all back. 
And deal with all the humans in Twilight City, allowing the goblins to fully take control of the city. 
Meanwhile, under Gobu Yue’s lead, the One-Eyed Owl and the others began to explore the city. 
The moment they stepped out of the palace. 
They were all stunned. 
“What’s going on? Am I seeing this right? Isn’t this the Goblin Empire? Why are there so many monsters?” 
“Damn, humans! There are even humans selling things? What’s with that werewolf? Bargaining with a human?” 
“It’s just like walking through the old streets; you wouldn’t even know this was a goblin-ruled empire!” 
“I can’t believe it; is Lin Tian really a goblin?” 
The bustling, harmonious scene. 
It felt strangely familiar, like casually strolling through the streets back home. 
Bill was the first to notice a shop named “Bunny Girl Tavern.” 
“Let’s head inside for a drink first! Come on, let’s go!” 
Aside from the Flame Dragon Mother and Little Black, who decided to wander around on their own, the One-Eyed Owl and the others followed suit and entered the tavern. 
When they saw the bunny girls—each wearing high heels, black fishnet stockings, and sporting naturally cute bunny ears with long legs almost reaching into your lap—they felt as if they had entered paradise. Their eyes went wide with amazement. 
No matter how expensive the drink was, they had to have one! 
“Welcome to the Bunny Girl Tavern, gentlemen and ladies! Would you like to try our latest drink? It’s only 10 gold coins per glass!” 
A bunny girl waitress immediately approached and greeted them. 
Upon hearing this, the One-Eyed Owl cursed, “Ten gold coins? Are you insane? What kind of drink is worth ten gold coins?!” 
“Oh, it’s our special mouth-chewed sake made by Miss Willisiana herself!” 
The waitress pointed to the side. 
They saw a few counters near the bar where several pure and adorable young bunny girls were sitting. They took glutinous rice into their mouths, chewed it slowly and carefully for a long time, then spat the juice into the distilled sake. 
The milky white rice juice dripped down their rosy lips, with a few drops even clinging to their pale chins. 
Slowly, it trickled down. 
Just watching it made the drink look delicious! 
The distilled sake itself was rather tasteless. 
But with the addition of this thick, sweet rice juice and the essence of the young girls, it transformed into something extraordinary. 
In an instant. 
Bill pulled out his money, “Let’s start with ten glasses.” 
Grugia and Osius also chimed in, “I’ll take ten as well, freshly made, please. We’re not just here for the drink, you know? We’re simply interested in experiencing the unique customs and traditions of other races!” 
“Exactly! It’s all about the culture!” Osius nodded enthusiastically. 
The other members of the Dragon Slayer Guild followed suit, rushing to place their orders. 
The waitress beamed with delight. “Alright, gentlemen, please wait a moment! The bunny girls are preparing it for you!” 
“No problem, take your time. The longer they chew, the sweeter and more flavorful the juice will be.” Bill said, gesturing like a professional connoisseur. 
The One-Eyed Owl and Adele, along with a few other women, couldn’t understand the appeal, “Just bring us the strongest drinks you have!” 
They preferred something stronger. 
As for Gobu Yue, she didn’t drink alcohol at all. 
Before long. 
Osius and the others finally received the mouth-chewed sake they had been eagerly awaiting. 
They began to sip it slowly. 
“My God! I’ve been drinking for years, but I’ve never tasted anything so delicious!” 
“Exactly, exactly! The Goblin Empire is amazing! You can fully enjoy the unique flavors of other races here!” 
“Such a fine drink, ten gold coins is a bargain!” 
Even Bill, as he drank, was left wanting more. “You all don’t understand alcohol! Let me give you a proper review… 
The taste is dense at first! Then, it’s like a rapidly melting shard of ice, filling your entire mouth with a uniquely delightful sensation! And it’s so smooth going down, absolutely sublime! From now on, this will be my drink of choice!” 
Hearing this. 
A nearby serpent-person, also enjoying a drink, couldn’t help but remark, “At ten gold coins per glass, you couldn’t afford to keep drinking this regularly.” 
“What’s there to worry about? Us old folks should get back to work, build the nation, and earn some more money!” Bill replied enthusiastically. 
Though he struck a respectable pose, not many people in the tavern gave him a favorable look. 
“Old perv is still an old perv, talking like he knows what he’s doing…” 
“This sake is just clear liquor with a bit of rice flavor, but listen to his review. You’d think he was drinking a divine brew.” 
“Seriously, I haven’t seen a dwarf in decades, and now they’re all shameless?” 
People whispered behind his back. 
Bill’s face flushed red with embarrassment, “What are you talking about? I’ve been drinking my whole life; do you really think you know better than me? If you don’t believe me, come have a drink! Whoever gets drunk first loses!” 
No one bothered to respond. 
At that moment, Gobu Kuang strolled up to the tavern, “Huh? You’re all here? What a coincidence. Enjoy your drinks!” 
“Sure thing, brother!” Osius replied. 
Seeing this, the waitress was surprised, “You know Brother Kuang? In that case, we’ll give each of you an extra glass of mouth-chewed sake, on the house!” 
“Take good care of them. I’ll continue my patrol.” Gobu Kuang chuckled. 
They patrolled the city every day to prevent any ill-intentioned sub-humans or monsters from causing trouble. 
This was why the city remained so peaceful. 
Otherwise, the bunny girls might have already been taken advantage of by the tavern’s monstrous patrons. 
Many sub-humans and monsters entered the Goblin City with mischievous intentions, but after witnessing the methods of the patrolling guards, they all behaved themselves. 
On the streets. 
Gobu Kuang wandered around like a local king. Every vendor he passed greeted him warmly and offered him gifts. 
At that moment, a red-scaled lizard woman rushed over from afar, “Brother Kuang, Brother Kuang! My things were stolen by the Wild Fang Boarmen this morning. I collected those goods with great effort to sell for a few coins, just to buy some milk for my kids, sob sob…” 
“Is that so? Take me to them!” 
Gobu Kuang’s eyes narrowed, revealing a sinister smile. 
Soon, they arrived at a street where many Wild Fang Boarmen gathered. With the red-scaled lizard woman’s guidance, they found the culprits. 
At that moment, the boarman was sitting outside a shop, munching on some unknown, pitch-black, foul-smelling food. 
Suddenly, he felt a chill down his spine. 
He quickly turned his head, “Brother Kuang! What brings you here? Would you like to try some of our boarman cuisine? I can get you a serving!” 
“I’ll ask you this—did you take the fruits she collected?” Gobu Kuang asked, not saying much more. 
Thud! 
“Brother Kuang, heaven and earth as my witness, I didn’t take them! I just tried a little, but it didn’t taste good, so I didn’t buy any!” The boarman pleaded, immediately dropping to his knees. 
However, the red-scaled lizard woman corrected him, “He says he only tasted a little, but he ate all of it! Those were Death Fruits I painstakingly gathered from the cliffs. They’re incredibly rare.” 
Gobu Kuang grabbed the boarman, who stood over three meters tall and weighed at least a thousand pounds, and lifted him effortlessly. “You’d better be honest with me. If you’re lying… hmph, I can’t guarantee you’ll make it out of this alive.” 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 181: Trojan Hero, Genius Puppeteer, Holy Tree Spirit! Infiltration! 
TL: Sungmin 
Upon seeing this, the surrounding boarmen only dared to steal glances furtively. 
They didn’t dare make a sound or attract any attention. 
“Brother Kuang, I was wrong! I thought she was all alone and would be easy to bully, but I just ate a few fruits! At most, that’s worth two gold coins. I’ll pay! I’ll compensate her five gold coins, okay? I’ll even kneel on the ground and apologize to her!” 
The boarman was so terrified that he defecated and urinated all over the place! 
He knew very well how ruthless Gobu Kuang could be. 
Among the three tyrants of the city, he was the most brutal and vicious! 
The three tyrants of the city were Gobu Kuang, Gobu Tian, and Gobu Shan. 
If Gobu Tian confirmed that someone had violated Lin Tian’s rules, they would silently eliminate them. If you were only skirting the edges, you might still live. 
Gobu Shan was relatively reasonable, but if you broke the rules, your death would be terrifying. 
As for Gobu Kuang, he was notorious for being brutal and unreasonable. 
As long as you violated Lin Tian’s rules, there was no room for negotiation—he would just take you out. 
The boarman quickly pulled out the gold coins and handed them to the red lizard. “Please, I beg you, talk to Brother Kuang, forgive me, don’t hold me responsible! I’ll do anything—be a slave, anything, just please speak up!” 
“I… I…” 
The red lizard was so frightened that she didn’t know what to do. 
Gobu Kuang threw her down, watching as the boarman knelt to apologize. 
The boarman was crying so hard that snot was pouring out, and his fat body trembled uncontrollably. 
He screamed at the top of his lungs, “Hurry up, Big Sis! I’m like this already, please just say something!!!” 
The red lizard hesitated for a moment, then finally spoke up, “Brother Kuang, I think we can let it go…” 
“Splat!” 
Before she could finish her sentence. 
A burst of sticky, bright red liquid splattered around the area! 
The boarman’s body slowly fell, his head was completely disfigured. 
It had been smashed to pieces by a single punch. 
He probably never expected that even after being forgiven and begging for his life on his knees, he would still die! 
All because of a few wild fruits! 
This bloody, horrifying scene scared the other boarmen so much that they covered their faces and fled, hiding themselves. 
Gobu Kuang swept his gaze around the area and warned, “This is the third boarman to die this month. If your race can’t manage itself, we goblins will take over, just like we did with the Black Gorilla tribe…” 
The Black Gorilla tribe had once had over a dozen members who repeatedly violated the rules—stealing, robbing. 
They especially loved shoplifting. 
Some even committed assaults. 
Lin Tian exterminated the entire tribe, hanging every single one of them at the city gates. 
Even those who managed to flee to other demon empires were captured and beheaded in public. 
Such ruthless, yet convincing methods. 
This made the city a paradise, a holy land for those demons and subhumans who wanted to live peacefully and make a living. 
Even high taxes didn’t matter because everything else was guaranteed. 
Some were even glad that the goblins were so brutal—it was a good thing. 
“Brother Kuang, I will definitely tighten the management of the boarmen. Don’t worry, this won’t happen again!” 
At this moment, a boarman dressed in luxurious yet disgustingly vulgar clothing appeared. 
He was the Boarman Chief. 
He bent his barrel-like body, struggling to bow as he offered a gold bar. 
Equivalent to a hundred gold coins. 
But Gobu Kuang, unlike Gobu Tian, wouldn’t accept such things. “Take it away. The best contribution you can make to His Majesty the Goblin is to behave yourselves!” 
“Hiss, he’s even harder to deal with than the other goblins…” 
Watching Gobu Kuang leave, the boarman chief couldn’t help but sigh. 
At least with the others, you could bribe them. Gobu Kuang wouldn’t give you a chance at all. 
… 
Troy Empire. 
An ancient atmosphere pervaded the place, with its distinctive semicircular huts built from yellow sand. 
A land that was the birthplace of heroic legends. 
It had produced a powerful figure capable of slaying gods. 
The hero’s power inherited was mighty and fearless. 
Inside the royal palace, in the Hero’s Sanctuary. 
The Elephant King and the Holy Tree King were gathered together, discussing the matter of annexing the Goblin Empire. 
“This Goblin Empire, who would have thought it would become more and more prosperous under such an unconventional management style. When do we start planning?”  
The Elephant King could hardly contain his eagerness. 
It was like a juicy piece of meat placed right in front of him, within easy reach. 
However, the Holy Tree King shook his head, “Haven’t you heard? The War Empire was destroyed by those goblins. And, it seems they’ve allied with dragons and dwarves—it’s a bit tricky.” 
Upon hearing this. 
Everyone was shocked, having just learned the news. 
An ancient dragon was an incomparably formidable force, and the dwarves were a powerful race with highly valuable resources. 
At this moment. 
A middle-aged man with dark skin, a lean body, adorned with various gold ornaments, and dressed in Egyptian-like attire, who sat on the throne, spoke, “Hmph, an ancient dragon is just a flying lizard, nothing more. It’s not like it’s the legendary fire elemental spirit, Salamander. 
Now, just mass-produce some dragon-slaying weapons, and we’ll be fine.” 
“Dwarves scare you? Then why even collaborate? With such a rich and precious treasure suddenly within reach, shouldn’t you be even more tempted?” 
Hearing the contemptuous and dismissive tone of the King of Troy, the two other kings calmed down. 
The Elephant King couldn’t help but ask, “Then, Your Majesty of Troy, when do you plan to start laying the groundwork?” 
“Right now,” the King of Troy said with excitement, his hand clenching tightly. “First, send enough caravans into their territory, make them believe we’re really there for trade. Once we’ve gathered all the information, the caravan members will infiltrate the Goblin Palace and slaughter all their leaders!” 
The Elephant King pondered for a moment before nodding. “No problem. I will dispatch my most elite troops. What about you?” 
“I’ll send in the Holy Tree Warriors,” the Holy Tree King responded. “They are children chosen by the Holy Tree, raised to harness its power from birth. Their strength is beyond question.” 
The two kings then turned their attention to the King of Troy. 
In response, the King of Troy scoffed. “Hmph, I will send the real Trojan Heroes to infiltrate the Goblin Empire. With the strength I’m providing, don’t you think your forces might be a bit insufficient?” 
“Trojan Heroes?! All of them? My god!” 
At that moment, the faces of the two kings lit up with joy! 
Led by the King of Troy’s daughter, the Trojan Heroes consisted of ten individuals, all top-tier warriors brimming with combat power and blessed with the strength of heroes from birth. 
With them involved, the outcome was almost certain. 
Victory was assured! 
The King of Troy looked at the other two kings with a cold gaze. “In that case, I’ll take 80% of the spoils. The two of you can split the remaining 20%. Any objections?” 
“You! Your Majesty of Troy, isn’t that a bit too much? After all, my Giant Elephant Empire is a superpower…” 
“And my Holy Tree Empire has stood for a thousand years, surviving countless trials by other empires. Don’t we deserve some respect?” 
Both kings were visibly displeased. 
Taking 80% of the Goblin Empire’s wealth was simply too outrageous! 
The King of Troy immediately countered, “Your Giant Elephant Empire is only known for its puppet magic, which is useless in siege warfare. Your contribution is negligible. The Holy Tree Empire might be strong in local battles, but we’re the ones sending in elite forces. You need to understand that.” 
“I’ll send out Persephia then!” 
The Elephant King gritted his teeth, visibly furious. 
Persephia was a genius puppet mage from the Giant Elephant Empire, the only one in a hundred years to comprehend the ultimate puppet rune. 
She was arguably the most valuable asset of the Giant Elephant Empire. 
Seeing the stakes, the Holy Tree King also hardened his resolve. “I’ll send the Holy Tree Spirit, Wendy. Is that enough?” 
The Holy Tree Spirit was the incarnation of the Holy Tree itself. 
It was the first time in a thousand years that the Holy Tree had manifested into a spiritual form, capable of directly channeling the tree’s power. Since its true form was the Holy Tree itself, it was incredibly powerful, although it hadn’t yet fully matured. 
But once fully grown, the power it would wield was unimaginable. 
The King of Troy snorted, “Should have said that sooner. But I still get 40%, and you two can split 30% each.” 
“Why?! Saxis is just as valuable to me as your heroes are to you—I even consider her like my own daughter!” The Elephant King finally lost his temper, cursing in frustration. 
The Holy Tree King also protested, “I’m taking on significant risks! Wendy is only a sixteen-year-old girl in terms of mentality, and if something happens to her in the Goblin Empire, the Holy Tree itself could be destroyed. And you still want 40%?!” 
The King of Troy shrugged indifferently. “Fine, if you’re so upset, go ahead and take the Goblin Empire on your own. I’m out, okay?” 
“You! How dare you claim to be a kingdom of heroes when you’re so despicable!” 
The Elephant King gritted his teeth, seething with both anger and helplessness. 
The King of Troy laid it out plainly, “It’s simple: either we go through with this, or you leave. Securing such a rich prize as the Goblin Empire will rely heavily on the intimidation of the Trojan Empire to keep other empires at bay. So why shouldn’t I take 40%?” 
At this point, the full scope of the Goblin Empire’s wealth and internal affairs wasn’t yet widely known. 
But it was sure to draw more attention from other nations in the future. 
Even if they managed to conquer it, the Goblin Empire was destined to become a highly prosperous place. 
This was due to their advanced agricultural techniques and management strategies. 
These factors would inevitably spark disputes and power struggles. 
Moreover, their agricultural techniques were closely guarded secrets, making them difficult to replicate or steal. 
It was certain that others would try to seize them. 
“Forget it. Once we’ve secured that fat piece of meat, it won’t really matter if we lose a percent or two. Too much money without a place to spend it is just a waste anyway,” the Holy Tree King finally relented. 
After all, as the King of Troy had pointed out, they would later need the ‘Hero’s Power’ reputation to deter other nations. 
That title carried significant weight and deterrence. 
Satisfied with the final agreement, the King of Troy laughed heartily. “Alright then, let’s start preparing! We’ll take down the Goblin Empire as quickly as possible!” 
With that, they all parted ways. 
They began inventorying their goods and resources, determined to make the pretense of trading as convincing as possible. 
They wanted Lin Tian to truly believe they were there for business, not to arouse any suspicion. 
… 
In the blink of an eye, ten days passed. 
Lin Tian had fully dealt with the matters concerning the War Empire. 
The ruined areas in the Eastern and Southern Districts were now perfect for the Yeti Tribe to inhabit. He summoned a large number of snow spirits, tasking them with continuously producing Snow Crystal Stones. 
These were then funneled into large-scale magic arrays to keep them operational. 
Of course, there were also small, quickly deployable magic arrays set up. 
He had also transported a large number of goblins from the main city to live and breed in this area, with newly trained subordinates overseeing their activities. 
The large number of humans being raised served perfectly to produce and cultivate new goblins. 
As long as the food supply remained sufficient in the future, producing two to three million goblins a year would be an easy task. 
“Finally done!” 
Looking at the completed work, Lin Tian wiped the sweat from his forehead. 
The soft glow of the distant sunset cast its light over the scene. 
It was truly beautiful. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 182: Searching for the Evolution Method 
TL: Sungmin 
With Katheryn’s help, using magic, the Goblin soldiers, dwarves, and dragons were all transported back. 
However, Lin Tian asked, “Dragon Mother, how long will it take for Ferbis to recover? I still need to pick her up.” 
Ferbis was the name of the Purple-Gold Dragon Mother. 
The Flame Dragon Mother was currently directing the dragons into the teleportation array in an orderly manner. 
Hearing this, she replied, “Judging by the time, it seems she’s almost ready. How about we go pick her up now?” 
“Sure, let’s go!” Lin Tian nodded. 
Immediately, the Flame Dragon Mother instructed the dragons to wait there. After Lin Tian mounted her, they headed towards the World Tree. 
Feeling the exhilaration of speeding through the sky, Lin Tian suddenly thought of something. “I get it now! No wonder you wanted to come with me alone. So, after that time, did you lay any dragon eggs?” 
“Hmph, that’s none of your business. My child won’t acknowledge you as its father either,” the Flame Dragon Mother retorted, somewhat shy, avoiding any mention of their previous encounter. 
Lin Tian shrugged, feeling helpless. 
He couldn’t help but say, “Speaking of which, don’t let Little Black’s fierce appearance fool you. Deep down, she’s just a child and wouldn’t even think about vying for the Dragon King’s position.” 
“Then why didn’t you say so earlier? And you still went and…!”  
Immediately, the Flame Dragon Mother fumed, shaking vigorously. 
Lin Tian quickly held on tight. “Hey, hey, can you blame me? You were sincerely begging me, how could I refuse?” 
“You despicable goblin, hmph!” The Flame Dragon Mother snorted before speeding up. 
The fierce wind howled past Lin Tian’s ears, forcing its way into his eyes and nose, making it quite uncomfortable. 
Her speed was even faster than Little Black’s. 
What would have normally taken half a day was covered in just two hours as they arrived at the World Tree. 
Upon entering the lava zone, Xiao Huan immediately flew up excitedly, though she was still full of fear towards the Flame Dragon Mother. 
“Here we are, I’m here to take you home,” Lin Tian said with a grin. 
Though Xiao Huan was slow, she had helped him a lot. 
He promised himself that he would ensure her remaining days were comfortable. 
Soon after, the Flame Dragon Mother dove into the lava cave, gently picking up a fiery, unhatched dragon egg with her mouth. 
Lin Tian then headed towards the root area of the tree. 
From a distance, he noticed something emitting a dazzling purple light. 
The Purple-Gold Dragon Mother had completed her rebirth in a brand new form! 
At two or three hundred meters long, she was still technically a young dragon. 
Now, thanks to absorbing the Dragon Crystal, her entire body was covered in a layer of radiant amethyst, dazzling and captivating. 
It even gave off an almost unreal feeling. 
“Mm?! You’re here. Where’s Little Black? And everyone else? Did we win against the War Empire?” The Purple-Gold Dragon Mother asked curiously, full of doubt. 
Lin Tian nodded. “We won. Your ancient dragons needn’t fear being hunted anymore, and you can live carefree in a new place. Little Black is probably still playing around in the Goblin Empire.” 
Hearing this, the Purple-Gold Dragon Mother was ecstatic. She transformed into her human form and said, “It’s unbelievable. Just a little over a year ago, you were just a goblin from a tribe, humbly seeking a partnership with me…” 
Such an overwhelming, terrifying transformation. 
Only those who witnessed it firsthand could truly grasp how shocking it was. 
“Yes, if it weren’t for you holding off the humans, I might not be where I am today. Let’s go, tell the world that the Crystal Dragons are not extinct!” Lin Tian said with a satisfied smile. 
Having absorbed enough power, the Purple-Gold Dragon Mother’s crystal abilities had fully developed. 
Upon exiting, the Flame Dragon Mother’s expression slightly shifted. “Ferbis, you’re just a few decades old, yet you’ve fully mastered the crystal ability. In the future, you might even surpass the old Dragon King.” 
“Dragon King, it’s all thanks to him,” the Purple-Gold Dragon Mother replied calmly. 
And so, they bid farewell to the World Tree, which had sheltered them for so long. 
Along the way, people from various empires fled in terror at the sight. 
However, the Purple-Gold Dragon Mother rode on the Flame Dragon Mother’s back to reduce resistance and avoid being seen. 
The Crystal Dragon was the only kind that wasn’t afraid of dragon-slaying weapons. 
Her body was naturally armored with incredibly hard crystal. 
Moreover, she could launch ultra-long-range, large-scale attacks with crystal, making her formidable in single combat, as opponents couldn’t even get close. 
One could say that the Crystal Dragon was the true apocalyptic dragon. 
The One-Eyed Owl only managed to fight close quarters with her because the old Dragon King insisted on confronting her head-on. 
So, Lin Tian thought it best not to expose her to human eyes for now. 
Upon returning to Twilight City, they teleported all the soldiers, dwarves, and dragons together. 
“Ferbis, come with me first. We need to secure our homeland. You can come visit whenever you want.” 
Hovering above the Goblin Empire’s square, the Flame Dragon Mother spoke. 
At this moment, Little Black had also returned. 
The Purple-Gold Dragon Mother nodded, “No problem, finally something fun to do!” 
She had initially left the lava cave because she found it too boring, deciding to venture out and become a Dragon King herself. 
Lin Tian then turned to Adele, “Have you decided? Will the dwarves live in the city, or do you want to build your own? The expansion of the royal city is almost complete, so we could set aside a separate area for you.” 
The value of the dwarves was immeasurable. 
It would be best if they could stay in the main city. 
Even though there were millions of goblins, Lin Tian had already built multiple empty cities for them to live in. 
Under the King’s control, the goblins had no desires; as long as they were well-fed and had a place to sleep, they were content. 
They were no different from raising pigs, obedient and without complaints. 
The main city only needed a reserve force of a million goblins. 
Hearing this, Adele still said, “The dwarves prefer to build their own city. Thank you for your offer.” 
“Yes, Your Majesty Lin Tian, many of us are accustomed to our old way of life, but for me, this royal city is simply amazing! By the way, have you tried the rabbit girl’s mouth-chewed wine? In my opinion, it’s the best wine ever!” Bill chimed in, savoring the memory. 
Lin Tian had little interest in the mouth-chewed wine; he could have it anytime he wanted from the rabbit girl. 
Since the dwarves wanted to build their own city, there was no helping it. 
In any case, it was only a few kilometers away, and it was just a small city. 
Then he looked at Gobu Yue, “Little Yue, where are the One-Eyed Owl and the others?” 
“Gobu Kuang is leading them around the city. Should I call them back?” Gobu Yue replied. 
Lin Tian waved his hand, “No need for that. By the way, could you all wait a moment? I have a question.” 
In the air, the Flame Dragon Mother paused, and Adele and the others also halted. 
“So… do any of you know anything about goblin evolution, or perhaps any legends related to it?” Lin Tian couldn’t help but ask, reaching out to ruffle Gobu Yue’s head. 
She hadn’t evolved yet, which was truly frustrating. 
Unfortunately, the Flame Dragon Mother didn’t know much either. “I don’t know much about goblins, but as for evolution, I’ve heard that constant devouring can lead to evolution.” 
“Alright then, you should head to the Great Tomb. Remember to find the Cannibal Eagle Tribe and tell them I sent you,” Lin Tian instructed. 
The cannibal eagles, due to their habits, preferred living in trees. They had been staying in the Great Tomb to care for their tribe. 
Moreover, the strength of the Cannibal Eagle Tribe had reached its peak. 
They wouldn’t be much help in future battles, and a peaceful life there suited them well. 
Looking at Adele, Lin Tian asked, “What about you, Your Majesty, Master Bill?” 
“Well… apart from drinking, sleeping, and… other things, we dwarves don’t know much. Oh, right, we do have some knowledge of forging magic tools,” Bill replied with an apologetic smile. 
Since none of them knew, there was nothing more to be done. 
After all, the situation was indeed very unique. 
He thought about asking the One-Eyed Owl and the others, but it seemed unlikely they’d know either. 
Soon, the once-bustling square became quiet again, leaving only Lin Tian and Gobu Yue standing there, lost in thought. 
Lia now usually lived with the elves, although she still resided within the kingdom. 
Goblin Slayer also stayed with her. 
Or sometimes, the three of them, including Gobu Yue, helped with logistical matters. 
Gobu Tian and his group would go on patrols when they had nothing to do. 
Alicenia was even busier, spending every day training troops to build a powerful elite force. 
Katheryn and Ifreya lived in the cathedral. 
Perhaps Ifreya had regained her memories, but she could only obey Lin Tian’s orders. 
As for the vampire Lilith, she had long ago taken Dracula’s coffin and hidden away. 
“Sigh, Little Yue, why do I feel a bit empty?” Lin Tian sighed. 
Gobu Yue hugged him tightly, “Boss, how could that be? I’m always by your side. I’ll never leave you.” 
“Haha… that’s true. Come on, I just remembered someone who might know how we can evolve.” Lin Tian’s eyes lit up. 
The two of them headed to the palace dungeon. 
Gobu Jian immediately came over to salute, “Boss…” 
“How’s that person?” 
“Everything’s under control. She seems to have given up resisting and hasn’t spoken in a long time.” 
That person was none other than the master of the Great Tomb, the undead, Veronica. 
Lin Tian pushed open the door and saw her body tightly bound, looking no different from a skeleton. 
But when she saw Lin Tian, her eyes suddenly lit up with a red glow. “Damn goblin! Keep me locked up as long as you want. Let’s see how long you can keep me here. My hatred will only grow deeper. Once I’m free, I’ll make sure you wish you were dead! I’ll kill everyone around you!” 
“Hmph, stop threatening me. By the time you get out, I might already be dead,” Lin Tian scoffed. 
He wasn’t one to be easily scared. 
Then, his expression turned serious. “If you can tell me something useful, I can grant you one request. Of course, don’t even think about asking to escape.” 
“Is that a promise? My dear Goblin Majesty!”  
In an instant, Veronica’s tone changed completely, her skeletal face looking almost innocent and harmless. 
Lin Tian wasn’t fooled by her act—he knew Veronica was a ruthless and cunning individual, full of deceit. 
He got straight to the point, “You must have noticed by now that I’m still just a low-level goblin, and so is she…” 
As he spoke, he removed Gobu Yue’s cloak, revealing her cute face. 
Upon seeing this, Veronica’s expression changed dramatically! 
She was filled with disbelief and shock! 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 183: The Black Witch’s Divination, Sweating Profusely! 
TL: Sungmin 
“Her? She’s a female? A female!?” 
Veronica’s mouth hung open as she spoke in disbelief. 
Goblins never had females, but right in front of her was an adorable, obedient, and playful little girl. 
She looked completely different from the hideous and terrifying goblins. 
Lin Tian nodded. “Yes, there’s no need to be surprised.” 
“Wait, are you sure? When I was still human, I discovered that some men would dress themselves as women to seduce other men into having relationships with them.  
And guess what? The men who got seduced ended up being the ones who got screwed!” 
As Veronica spoke, she almost burst into laughter, but there was clear disdain and disgust in her tone. 
Gobu Yue quickly refuted, “I’m not like that at all, and besides, I…” 
Lin Tian cut in, “Don’t worry, we’ve checked. Gobu Yue is indeed a true female goblin. Since you were once human, you must know that legend, right?” 
“If a female appears among the goblin tribe, the goblin who mates with her will become… the Goblin God…” 
Veronica suddenly became serious, lowering her voice as she spoke each word deliberately. 
Gobu Yue blinked her big eyes, listening intently. 
She hadn’t realized that she could have such an effect. 
However, Veronica’s attitude suddenly shifted, and she spoke mockingly, “Hmph, even a fool knows that this legend is just meant to ridicule goblins as the weakest and lowest creatures. The Goblin God? A god is a god, and no one can become one.” 
“But…” 
Looking at the real female goblin in front of her,  
she couldn’t help but feel suspicious, her eyes fixed intently on Gobu Yue. 
Lin Tian frowned slightly, growing a bit impatient. “So, do you know or not?” 
“I truly don’t know the situation in front of me, but there are a few people who might.” Veronica paused after speaking. 
Lin Tian quickly pressed her, “Who are they? You don’t have the luxury of being mysterious right now.” 
“No, I just want to confirm something with you. Can you grant me a simple request? All I ask is that Rebecca be locked in my room.” As Veronica spoke, a sinister glint flashed in her eyes. 
Hearing this,  
Lin Tian thought for a moment. Since Rebecca was already under his control, it wouldn’t change anything. 
What harm would come from locking them up together? 
He agreed immediately, “No problem.” 
Veronica, sensing his agreement, continued, “Very well. I once had three servants, known as the Black Witches. They can predict the future and perform divination. All I need is some magic power, and I can summon them.” 
The Black Witches had no combat abilities and hadn’t participated in the Battle of Laiyang. 
So, they were still hiding in the Great Tomb. 
However,  
Lin Tian remained cautious. Giving her magic power was akin to raising a tiger, an extremely risky move. 
But then he remembered the Demon Sealing Sword. As long as he provided her with just a tiny bit of magic power, it would be enough to summon her servants. 
To be safe, he ordered, “Little Yue, go call the One-Eyed Owl back. Let her help keep things in check.” 
“Okay, Boss!” 
Gobu Yue donned her cloak and hurried out. 
Veronica sneered, “Hmph, you’re the ruler of a powerful monster empire now, yet you still lack the courage? Are you afraid of me? Or are you scared of the Black Witches? Don’t worry, they don’t have any combat abilities.” 
“Of course, I’m going to keep an eye on you. Let’s be clear, okay?” 
Lin Tian spread his hands, making his intentions obvious. 
He wasn’t afraid of any sort of provocation. 
As long as he had thick skin, there was nothing to fear. 
Veronica gritted her teeth in frustration. 
Suddenly, Lin Tian seemed to remember something, a wicked grin spreading across his face until it nearly reached his ears. 
Seeing this, 
Veronica grew truly fearful, forcing herself to shrink back. “You! What are you planning? You despicable, evil, shameless goblin! I’m nothing but bones—an undead! Are you really going to stoop so low as to violate even bones? I can’t imagine how twisted your desires are!” 
“You’re overthinking it. I have no interest, but if you don’t behave, I wouldn’t mind using that to humiliate you.” 
Lin Tian spoke irritably. His tastes had improved significantly now. 
If the target wasn’t exceptional, he had no interest. 
In the entire city, whenever he went out, women of all races would throw themselves at him, some even stripping in the streets to offer everything. 
Their goal was simple—to latch onto Lin Tian so that not only they but their entire race could walk freely and arrogantly in the Goblin Empire. 
This was quite a headache, but Lin Tian planned to deal with it later. 
He wanted them to understand the consequences of trying to outsmart a goblin. 
It wasn’t long before 
the One-Eyed Owl arrived. Her voice preceded her, “What’s going on, Little Tian? Need my help? My appearance fee is pretty high, you know. Can you afford it?” 
Hearing that voice, 
Veronica was shocked again, even doubting her own ears! 
“One-Eyed Owl? I didn’t realize it before, but is this the same One-Eyed Owl from the Dragon Slayer Guild? When did you…!!!” 
She remembered mentioning this to Lin Tian before. 
This was a creature that had hunted her multiple times, and she had barely escaped. 
Why was it here? 
And why did it seem so familiar with Lin Tian? 
In a short span of time, two things had already left her utterly shocked. 
When the One-Eyed Owl walked into the dungeon, she finally confirmed her suspicions. 
Seeing Veronica, the One-Eyed Owl paused in surprise, “Oh? Isn’t this the Demon King of the Great Tomb? I hunted you several times! I didn’t expect you’d actually get captured!” 
“That’s right, Big Sis. You say your appearance fee is expensive? Name your price.” Lin Tian chimed in, playing along. 
Of course, it was just a joke. 
The One-Eyed Owl’s lips curled into a slight smile, “Those guys from Osius were just telling me to marry you. Why don’t you just marry me?” 
Hearing this, Lin Tian almost couldn’t keep up. 
What did she mean by him marrying her? 
“Wait a minute, Big Sis, I’m a man. Shouldn’t you marry me? I’d definitely agree, come on, let’s have the wedding right away.” Lin Tian responded, accepting the offer immediately. 
How could he refuse such a good deal? 
Smack! 
The One-Eyed Owl smacked Lin Tian on the head, hard. “What are you dreaming about, you little brat? Trying to take advantage of me? I’m worried your little body wouldn’t hold up! Hmph!” 
“Lin Tian, how did you do it? What have you been up to lately!?” 
Veronica, who had been silent, couldn’t hold back her curiosity any longer. 
A powerhouse with a combat strength of 13,000, someone she had always kept a respectful distance from, was now so familiar with Lin Tian. 
Hearing her question, Lin Tian didn’t bother hiding anything. “Nothing much, just swallowed up the War Empire, and then gave that so-called Saintess, Joan of Arc, a bit of a beating.” 
“What? You even swallowed up the War Empire! And you dared provoke Saintess Joan of Arc too? Are you crazy?!” 
Veronica was so stunned she couldn’t stay calm. 
Such explosive news was simply too overwhelming. 
She muttered in disbelief, “You actually provoked Joan of Arc, a demigod! Do you have no idea of the overwhelming power of a demigod? It seems you’re not far from death. Don’t drag me down with you!” 
She had been planning to escape during the chaos if Lin Tian was ever overthrown. 
If Joan of Arc killed him, she’d undoubtedly be doomed as well. 
It was sheer madness. 
“Enough with the chatter. I’ll give you the magic power, so hurry up and summon your servants.” 
Lin Tian’s tone suddenly turned cold as he extended his hand and transferred some of his magic power to her. 
Immediately, 
Veronica began to activate her summoning ability. A black vortex appeared before them. 
Soon, the Black Witches began to take shape. 
She didn’t dare pull any tricks; they were all smart enough to know this was the best approach. 
And she knew Lin Tian’s personality—if she pushed too far, it wouldn’t end well. 
“Lord Demon! You’ve finally summoned me. Are you okay? Where’s Lady Rebecca and the others?” 
Three hunchbacked, hideous, eyeless witches appeared. 
The leading witch held a single eye in her hand, which provided the shared vision for all three. 
Seeing Veronica bound in chains, they grew anxious. “Lord Demon, you…” 
Then they turned their gaze toward Lin Tian and the others, fear overwhelming them as they stumbled into a corner, too terrified to make a sound. 
Seeing this, Veronica sighed. “You three, perform a divination on that goblin. Focus on its evolution.” 
“Heh, how interesting, such a bizarre creature.” The One-Eyed Owl commented from the side, watching with amusement. 
The Black Witches hesitated, filled with confusion. 
After being scolded, they quickly set to work. 
They removed the eye from their hands, placed it within a magic circle, and began to dance around it in a ritualistic manner. 
They chanted strange incantations under their breath. 
The eye emitted a dazzling light, and in the next moment, the dungeon around them transformed into an endless black void! 
In the distance, a faint light glimmered. 
It seemed to be the answer they were seeking. 
The group appeared to be traversing through this vast starry sky, rapidly closing in on the answer. 
Yet the closer they got, the further it seemed. The Black Witches danced faster and faster, their chanting growing more intense. 
An hour passed swiftly. 
Veronica’s expression turned grave. “For a divination to take this long, what on earth…” 
The more significant the subject of the divination, the longer it took. 
This was the longest divination she had ever witnessed. 
Suddenly, 
the bodies of the Black Witches began to tremble violently, moving so fast they became a blur! It was as if they were dancing at ten times the normal speed. 
Pffft! 
Finally, just as the group reached the light and returned to reality, the three witches collapsed to the ground, spitting blood. 
The eye exploded as well. 
Seeing this, Veronica couldn’t help but ask, “What happened? Did you see the goblin’s evolution method?” 
“Ah… Lord Demon, that goblin… that goblin is the god prophesied in the Laiyang Plains!!!” 
“They previously divined that a god would be born on the Laiyang Plains. Who would have thought it would be him!” 
“Oh my god, my eyes! My eyes couldn’t withstand the overwhelming power. His future… I can’t see it!” 
The three witches spoke in pain and shock, their voices filled with despair. 
Lin Tian grabbed one of them by the collar. “So you’ve been talking all this time—what about the evolution method?” 
“Your evolution method is unique. You won’t evolve as a goblin; you will evolve into a god! The method… the method is…” 
As the black blood continued to spill from the witch’s mouth, she died before she could finish her sentence. 
Seeing this, 
Lin Tian almost cursed out loud. Could the plot really be this ridiculous? 
“Your evolution method requires you to devour gods!” 
On the ground, another black witch managed to say this before she too died on the spot. 
Fortunately, there was still one more left. Lin Tian quickly held onto her. “Oh god, please don’t let this one die too. Tell me the details!” 
The last black witch, with blood oozing from her mouth, mumbled indistinctly, “You need to devour a certain number of demigods to become a demigod, and then devour… gods…” 
After saying this, she also finally died. 
Lin Tian wiped the sweat from his forehead and let go. 
Luckily, the plot wasn’t as absurd as he had feared. 
Still, it had him sweating bullets. 
… 
I bet devouring doesn’t mean literally eating here… &gt;:) 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 184: Gobu Kuang’s Life in Peril, Joan Enters the City! 
TL: Sungmin 
“Devouring gods, huh? Though it’s a bit challenging, at least there’s finally a way to evolve.” 
Lin Tian pondered, feeling quite pleased. 
But suddenly, he cursed, “Damn it! Are you kidding me? What Goblin God? If I can already devour gods, what’s the point of becoming one?!” 
“Uh…” 
The One-Eyed Owl and the others were speechless. 
Veronica, on the other hand, mumbled in disbelief, “How could it be possible? How could a goblin become a god? What kind of power would a god in such a system have? Ridiculous! Laughable!” 
Her emotions were unusually agitated. 
The One-Eyed Owl explained, “Kid, you’re complaining about your fortune? Do you even know what it means to become a god?” 
Hearing this, Lin Tian was stunned for a moment. “If I can kill gods, wouldn’t that make me a god already?” 
“If you can ignite a divine spark, it would mean mastering divine power. Any opponent without a divine spark would be at your mercy. You could also create a mythological system, and as long as there are people in the world who believe in you, you could gain endless life and power. That’s all I know about it.” The One-Eyed Owl spoke heavily, her voice filled with longing. 
Unfortunately, she was just a demigod’s descendant, not even considered a true demigod, let alone someone who could truly ignite a divine spark. 
Apart from demigods having a chance to become gods, others were almost impossible to achieve it. 
And now, Lin Tian, a low-level goblin, had the potential to become a god. 
Thus, Veronica was filled with envy, jealousy, and hatred! 
Lin Tian quickly understood, “Since that’s the case, I’m a bit more interested now. However, becoming a demigod should count as an evolution, right? I wonder what I’ll turn into.” 
“You’ve already received the information, and my familiar died because of it. Shouldn’t you fulfill your promise now?” Veronica spoke cautiously. 
She was terrified. 
Terrified that Lin Tian might break his promise, because standing before her was a goblin. 
Her eyes were filled with pleading. 
Lin Tian’s mouth moved slightly as he said, “Alright, Gobu Jian, go to the other dungeon and bring Rebecca here.” 
“Yes, Boss.” 
Very quickly. 
Veronica saw that familiar figure again and was overjoyed. 
She was delighted because she could use Rebecca to escape when the time came. 
A succubus wasn’t just capable of seduction. 
She could also use blood to draw a magic circle to summon other demons from hell. 
Coincidentally, Veronica knew this magic circle. 
To avoid arousing Lin Tian’s suspicion, she continued, “Actually, you can break off her horns. She won’t be able to use her charm ability then. Don’t worry, I only love her and want to be with her.” 
“Oh? So ruthless? But it doesn’t matter, do whatever you want.” Lin Tian sneered. 
He exchanged a glance with Rebecca, and almost instantly, her eyes turned into heart shapes. 
Her body burned with desire, yearning to merge with Lin Tian. 
Veronica noticed this, finding it odd but dismissing it. Instead, she couldn’t understand why Lin Tian didn’t break off Rebecca’s horns. 
For someone as cautious as him, it didn’t make sense. 
“Darling, are you leaving? I still want to spend time with you. We’re not young anymore; isn’t it time to have a cute baby?” 
Rebecca bit her red lip, her voluptuous figure incredibly enticing. 
Just as Lin Tian was about to leave, he waved his hand dismissively, “No time for that now. Veronica, I’m off.” 
“Wait! Damn goblin! What have you done to my Rebecca?!” 
Veronica’s expression changed, her voice filled with terror! 
Yes, fear! 
As a woman who truly loved Rebecca, she was terrified. 
Lin Tian shrugged, “I didn’t do anything. Could I have charmed her into loving me? What do you think? Do I look like a succubus?” 
He then struck a few ridiculous poses. 
The One-Eyed Owl, filled with disdain, exclaimed, “My eyes! Are you trying to blind me completely? If there’s nothing else, let’s head to the city. There’s still a lot of fun to be had, haha!” 
Gobu Yue also left temporarily to handle the aftermath. 
Veronica spat in disgust, “Shameless and despicable! Give me back my Rebecca!” 
“Hmph, she was supposed to be dead already, but now she’s harmless and can even keep you in check. Are you sure you want her to stop loving me?” 
Lin Tian’s eyes turned cold, and the atmosphere in the room became overwhelmingly oppressive. 
Seeing his terrifying expression, Veronica paused, frustrated and helpless. “What exactly do you want?” 
She had hoped to rely on Rebecca to escape, but now even Rebecca was lost! 
No chance of escape was in sight. 
The once-mighty Undead, the master of the Great Tomb, had now become a complete prisoner. 
Lin Tian pondered, wondering what to do. 
Suddenly, an idea struck him, and his face lit up with joy. 
Veronica’s combat power was actually higher than her stats suggested because she could also unleash an apocalypse. 
If he could make her his familiar, then when things got tough, he could just flip the table and refuse to play anymore. 
“Come on, Lady Luck, bless me now, Lucky… Steal!” 
Lin Tian rubbed his hands together and then reached out toward Veronica. 
“Swish!” 
As light blossomed around him, a notification appeared the next second: “Congratulations, you have obtained Veronica’s love! Do you wish to steal it?” 
What?! 
Lin Tian could hardly believe it. Could Lucky Steal really be this lucky? 
Without hesitation, he confirmed. 
“You… what did you do to me? Why do I feel this strange discomfort?” 
Veronica’s eyes flickered with panic, confused and anxious. 
As Lin Tian looked at her, curiosity filled him. He slowly approached and forcefully straightened her skull. 
Their eyes met deeply, and he gently lifted her chin. 
In a domineering tone, he asked, “Do you love me?” 
“Love you, my ass! Get lost, you damn goblin!” 
Veronica immediately delivered a rocket headbutt, the hardness of her skull making Lin Tian wince in pain. 
He was almost stunned. 
“Wait, this doesn’t make sense! Didn’t I steal your love? Why don’t you love me?” 
Lin Tian rubbed his forehead in confusion. 
Veronica glared at him with utter disdain. “Hmph, you think you can steal my love? I’ve been single for a thousand years; I’m long past feeling anything for men. The only companion I’ve had is a woman, so now, I only love women!” 
Hearing her explanation, Lin Tian finally understood—she loved women, so stealing her love wouldn’t make her fall for a man. 
Cursing under his breath, he added, “Damn it, you better behave. Rebecca is mine now.” 
With that, he slammed the door and left. 
He needed to gather more information on demigods to prepare for his evolution. 
Leaving the dungeon, he sat alone on the steps of the plaza, deep in thought about what to do next. 
At present, there was a perfect target—a demigod, the so-called greatest king, the Sword Saintess, Joan of Arc. 
But with a combat power of 16,000, taking her on would be tricky. 
“Boss! Boss! Something’s wrong!” 
At that moment, the voices of Gobu Tian and Gobu Shan rang out. Both looked extremely anxious as they frantically ran towards the plaza. 
From a distance, Lin Tian could already see that they were injured. 
He stood up immediately. “What happened? Don’t panic.” 
Gobu Tian, panting and trembling slightly, said, “That Joan woman showed up earlier. Gobu Kuang was following your orders, executing those disobedient monsters, but Joan said they didn’t deserve death and started fighting with him.” 
“Gobu Kuang wasn’t strong enough; she broke all four of his limbs—no, six limbs! We tried to help but got beaten up too. Now, the One-Eyed Owl is tangled up with her!” Gobu Shan explained. 
Their injuries weren’t too severe, as they had fled as soon as they felt the overwhelming power. Luckily, Joan hadn’t intended to kill them, or they’d all be dead by now. 
Upon hearing this, Lin Tian’s anger surged, and he gritted his teeth, “Let’s go!” 
… 
Goblin King City, Eastern District. 
Monsters and demi-humans were fleeing in panic. 
“This place is no longer safe! Damn it, Joan of Arc is here, run!” 
“We’re doomed! The Goblin Empire is finished!” 
“What a terrifying opponent… Kuang was crippled with just one move. If only I were strong enough!” 
As the monsters and demi-humans fled, they chattered in fear. 
They all rushed to escape the city. 
But at this moment, Lin Tian appeared, “Everyone, calm down. I’m going to deal with Joan of Arc right now!” 
“It’s… it’s the Goblin King!” 
“Brothers, let’s wait and see! The Goblin King’s here!” 
“What good will that do? She’s a demigod!” 
Some held onto hope, but those who truly understood the power of a demigod continued their flight. 
Going against the crowd, Lin Tian soon noticed the commotion up ahead. 
“Boom!” 
A series of deafening explosions echoed. He knew that sound all too well—it was the One-Eyed Owl in a frenzy. 
In the street. 
Joan of Arc stood in light armor, radiating a holy aura that pressed down on the surrounding monsters, leaving them breathless. 
Their legs buckled, unable to move! 
The One-Eyed Owl attacked wildly, shouting, “You’re not welcome here! You hypocritical fake saintess!” 
Hearing this, Joan, who wielded the Holy Shield of Faith and had only been dodging without counterattacking, showed a slight change in expression. “Elizabeth Tilly, I don’t want to be your enemy, but if you keep pushing me, don’t blame me for what happens next!” 
“Hmph, then bring it on!” 
The One-Eyed Owl’s aura flared with fury, and her right fist tensed, muscles straining audibly as they coiled with power! 
She unleashed a heavy punch that seemed to ripple through space! 
“Bang!!” 
The fist slammed into the Holy Shield of Faith, sending shockwaves that shattered the surrounding shops like a pulse! 
Those monsters and demi-humans who had buckled under pressure were thrown aside. 
Yet, Joan of Arc remained completely unmoved. Though she appeared delicate, she possessed the stability and confidence of a mountain. 
Her golden hair danced in the wind from the punch, and her face was full of ease. 
She retracted her shield, then spun around and delivered a side kick. 
Joan’s kick sent the One-Eyed Owl flying, crashing into a building. “Your strength is indeed impressive, befitting a demigod’s descendant. But mindlessly wielding that power only makes your weaknesses more apparent to me.” 
Suddenly! 
A blur shot out from the rubble. 
The One-Eyed Owl had entered a berserk state. “Who gave you the right to act like you’ve won, delivering some victory speech?!” 
With a powerful punch, she genuinely forced Joan back. 
Even Joan was astonished. “To think your speed could reach such a level. You’re the strongest demigod descendant I’ve ever encountered. But there’s a threshold you’ll never cross…” 
Hearing this. 
Even in her frenzied state, the One-Eyed Owl instantly snapped back to her senses. 
With several rapid backflips, she widened the distance, warily watching her opponent. 
Osius and Grugia were stunned, exclaiming, “Holy crap, Big Sis actually stopped fighting? What the hell is going on?!” 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 185: Joan of Arc Was Stunned, Why Are the Villagers So Wealthy? 
TL: Sungmin 
“This isn’t the Big Sis I know!” 
The members of the Dragon Slayer Guild looked at each other, their faces full of shock. 
At this moment. 
Lin Tian had already arrived. He didn’t pay attention to Joan of Arc and instead rushed straight to the center of the crowd. 
Gobu Kuang was lying on the ground, all his limbs broken, covered in blood, and unconscious. 
Not far away. 
Katheryn and Ifreya, who had received the news, had also arrived. 
Lin Tian instructed, “Quick, heal him completely.” 
Osius quickly spoke up, “Wait, this brother is as stubborn as a mule. Don’t heal him. We’ve already used up all our super recovery potions on him. Every time we heal him, he just charges back into the fight.” 
Even the One-Eyed Owl could recover consciousness and escape, yet Gobu Kuang recklessly pushed himself to the brink. 
This behavior baffled and troubled everyone. 
If the One-Eyed Owl was truly insane, it was because she had something crucial to protect. But Gobu Kuang? He simply obeyed Lin Tian. 
“It’s fine. I’m here now. Go ahead and heal him.” 
Lin Tian’s expression was extremely grim, his face darkening to the point where it seemed like it could drip water. 
A palpable killing intent spread around him like a nightmare, enveloping the entire block! 
Among the crowd, Ruen’s heart trembled, “This feeling, I remember it! Lin Tian is going to get serious! That Joan of Arc is dead for sure!” 
He vividly recalled when they were fleeing with the residents, and Lin Tian reacted this way upon learning that the Dragon Slayer Guild had been annihilated. 
As a result, Lin Tian had wiped out the entire War Empire! 
Before long. 
Under the healing powers of Katheryn and Ifreya, Gobu Kuang’s limbs were completely restored. The two used a combined magic spell, capable of world-class feats like regenerating shattered bones. 
“Boss? There’s… there’s a strong person who broke into our city. She’s really powerful. You might not be her match. You should escape while I hold her off!” 
Gobu Kuang, still groggy, suddenly became alert and tried to get up to continue fighting. 
But Lin Tian held him down. “Forget it. I’ll handle that person.” 
Hearing his command. 
Gobu Kuang finally stayed put, retreating to the back with Gobu Tian and the others. 
“You really shouldn’t go so crazy next time. The Boss will worry,” Gobu Shan consoled him. 
Then. 
Lin Tian took a few steps forward, looking coldly at Joan of Arc, and said, “Long time no see, Your Majesty Joan.” 
“Don’t call me Your Majesty! And what’s with this stance, Goblin King? Are you planning to kill me?” Joan of Arc responded coldly. 
The two glared at each other like mortal enemies, filled with intense hatred. 
Lin Tian questioned, “What are you doing here? Is a king like you really so shameless as to come here looking for trouble?” 
Joan of Arc quickly interrupted, “I told you before, I’m keeping an eye on you! This time, I’m just here to see if there’s any injustice, any abuse, or any oppression in this country. Isn’t it open for anyone to come, just as you declared?” 
“Your subordinate was about to kill someone just for stealing a single coin. I couldn’t stand it, so I stepped in. Is there a problem with that?” 
As she spoke, her face showed a sense of righteousness, even pride. 
Lin Tian’s eyes were already filled with murderous intent, but he knew he couldn’t kill her now. If they fought, even if he won, it would come at a great cost. 
The city would likely be reduced to ruins. 
The impact would be massive, and no other monsters or demi-humans would dare to come here again. 
He said, “A problem? Here, my rules are the rules! This isn’t your country, is it? Are you overstepping your bounds? Or are you really not afraid of death…” 
Hearing this, 
The One-Eyed Owl spoke heavily, “She might really not be afraid of death.” 
Osius also chimed in, “You don’t know, do you? Even demigods can use a certain level of Divine Domain. In their domain, they’re almost invincible! Immortal! The only ones who might be able to deal with them are the Trojan Heroes…” 
Lin Tian’s eyes slightly changed. 
Divine Domain? Almost invincible?! 
No wonder she dared to be so arrogant, strutting into his territory like this. 
“Whether I fear death or not is none of your concern. Didn’t you claim to be a kind, good goblin? I’m just here to catch you breaking your own rules! If I find injustice, I’m justified in stepping in, right?” Joan of Arc argued back. 
Her expression turned cold as she continued, “And I’ve found an extremely serious problem here! You impose a 90% grain tax on humans? You’re practically treating them like slaves! 
And you’re forcing them to produce goblins for you?! These two reasons alone are enough for me to kill you a thousand times over!!! Enough to declare war on your Goblin Empire!!” 
The atmosphere! 
Suddenly became oppressive, suffocating everyone present. 
Yet Lin Tian remained defiant, sneering, “Hmph, Your Majesty, if you’re so sure, why not come with me to the countryside and see for yourself? If it’s as you say, I’ll hand you my head on a silver platter, but what if it’s not?” 
Right now, it seemed he couldn’t make a move against Joan of Arc. 
But once he figured out how to kill a demigod, he would make sure she understood the meaning of a fate worse than death. 
And it wouldn’t be just physical torment! 
To make the so-called justice she clung to, the things she protected, and the beliefs in her heart, more contemptible than mud, more filthy than excrement. 
Upon hearing this, Joan of Arc was filled with disdain. “This was something your own people admitted. Could it be false? If it isn’t true, I’ll leave immediately and won’t step foot here again without cause. How about that?” 
“You make it sound easy. But how do you plan to account for the injuries you inflicted on my subordinate? The greatest saintess wouldn’t try to weasel out of this, would she?” Lin Tian narrowed his eyes, staring at her intently as he spoke. 
Joan of Arc was slightly taken aback, then solemnly said, “I’ll break my own limbs as compensation. Will that suffice? But remember, you said it yourself: if I find any oppression or enslavement, I’ll chop off your head immediately!” 
“Hmph, let’s go then!” 
Lin Tian began leading the way out of the city, heading toward the rural area where the humans lived. 
Due to the abundance of monsters here, the original inhabitants of the Goblin Empire had moved to the countryside and established their own towns. 
However, not a single person had thought to resist. 
In fact, to this day, the humans continued producing goblins for Lin Tian. 
As they walked, Joan of Arc showed no sign of fear despite the many monsters and powerful enemies they encountered along the way. 
She was calm and confident. 
In contrast, everyone else, except for Lin Tian and the One-Eyed Owl, was cautious and tense. 
Before long. 
They arrived at a village. 
Outside the village, the wheat fields were lush and green, growing extremely well. 
“Hey? It’s His Majesty, the Goblin King! Greetings, Your Majesty!” 
“It really is His Majesty!” 
“Great Goblin King, it’s been a while!” 
As soon as the villagers saw Lin Tian, they all came out of their homes to greet him. 
Upon hearing the news, even the village chief arrived immediately. 
Such a scene made Joan of Arc scoff with disdain. “I think they’re only showing such flattery because they’re terrified of you. It wouldn’t surprise me if you were a tyrant!” 
“Not at all! We respect His Majesty the Goblin King from the bottom of our hearts!” the village chief immediately retorted. 
Hearing this, Joan of Arc felt conflicted. “Words mean nothing. Can you show me the grain reserves in each household?” 
“No problem. We really have more food than we can eat! I just sold several hundred pounds recently!” 
Led by the village chief, 
The storage was opened, revealing piles of sweet potatoes and sacks of wheat and corn, at least a thousand pounds! 
Joan of Arc had never seen a farmer’s household with so much grain before. “You haven’t handed over your taxes yet, have you? After giving up 90%, is there still enough to eat?” 
“We’ve already paid it, and of course, there’s enough to eat.” The village chief looked at her strangely as he spoke. 
In this world, ordinary people became much stronger than Earthlings as their levels increased. 
So farming and harvesting were much easier and faster. One person could cultivate several acres of land. 
Harvesting over ten thousand pounds of grain wasn’t a problem, and they were more than happy about it. 
For a moment, Joan of Arc felt like she was dreaming. “How is this possible! How can your household have over ten thousand pounds of grain? Hmph, the village chief must be corrupt! Let’s check the common farmers!” 
She turned and headed toward other houses, not forgetting to say, “Corruption and embezzlement are also problems of the Goblin Empire! And you still dare to call yourself a good goblin?” 
When she arrived at other farmers’ houses. 
Joan of Arc was stunned. Two thousand pounds of surplus grain! 
It was unbelievable! 
In her empire, a household with two to three hundred pounds of grain was considered wealthy! 
This was the first time she had seen such abundance! 
And in a village no less! 
“Uh, my family is large, so we farm more land. Your Majesty, the Goblin King, we’ve got meat stewing in the pot. Are you hungry?” 
A pregnant woman came out of the farmhouse and spoke. 
Upon hearing this, Joan of Arc quickly rushed to the kitchen, where she saw the smoke-cured meat hanging everywhere and half a pig’s leg in the pot. 
She was momentarily at a loss. 
“Are you sure you’re just a farmer? How can you have so much meat in your house?” Joan of Arc couldn’t help but ask, her voice trembling with excitement. 
The pregnant woman was taken aback. “Huh? Is it a lot? There are still a dozen pigs in the pen.” 
Hearing this, Joan of Arc felt like she was dreaming! 
In her world, a rural family could at most harvest three hundred pounds of grain in a year, and most couldn’t even afford to raise pigs. At best, they might have two small lambs. 
That would already be quite something. 
A dozen pigs! 
Two thousand pounds of grain! 
This was wealth beyond imagination! And in the countryside, no less! 
“Well, Your Majesty Joan of Arc, do you have any more questions? If not, it’s time to break your own limbs!” Lin Tian said. 
At this point, Joan of Arc realized something was off. “Why does your belly have the aura of a monster? Are you being forced to produce goblins?” 
The pregnant woman blinked. “Are you from around here? I’m earning money by producing goblins for His Majesty. Are you crazy?” 
Many women had already given birth to ten goblins. 
But Lin Tian had issued a new policy: for each goblin a woman produced and raised, she would receive a gold coin in compensation. 
Now, there was no need for coercion; there was a steady stream of soldiers. 
It was even more convenient than forcing them to produce, eliminating the need to help with childbirth and to raise the young goblins. 
It was a win-win situation for both sides. 
Because it only took a month to produce and raise a goblin, and crucially, each birth could yield several at once. 
“This is fake, it has to be fake! Let’s go to other villages!” 
Joan of Arc, her face full of disbelief, hurriedly left the area. 
However, 
After questioning one village after another. 
The situation in each household was nearly the same. 
Their lives were exceptionally comfortable, and she even saw scenes of women playing with a group of young goblins! 
Some people were even raising goblins as if they were their own children! 
It wasn’t until she finally saw the human town. 
“This is madness! Have all these people lost their minds? They’re actually willingly producing goblins! And how can your empire have such a massive grain yield, and so many livestock—this, this is impossible!” 
Joan of Arc exclaimed, filled with disbelief. 
This Goblin Empire was nothing like an empire ruled by monsters. 
It was clearly a paradise! An Eden! 
The humans here lived better than in any other empire! 
Hearing this, Lin Tian pressed her aggressively, “Hmph, now you have nothing more to say, so it’s time to break your own limbs, isn’t it?” 
He was eager to see what Joan of Arc, who always carried herself with such righteous, fearless heroism, would do next. 
Would she try to weasel out of it, or would she follow through? 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 186: Arrival at the Troy Empire! 
TL: Sungmin 
“I!” 
Seeing everyone around her becoming increasingly aggressive. 
Joan knew she had no other choice. Indeed, the state of the Goblin Empire was truly different from what she had imagined! 
She even felt a tinge of envy. 
Then she said, “I naturally won’t go back on my word; cutting off my own limbs is no big deal!” 
“Divine Domain, activate!” 
Whoosh! 
In an instant, the ground revealed seven dazzling magic circles, radiating in brilliant colors. 
They spread out for a kilometer, an utterly breathtaking sight! 
Moreover, golden runes floated within these magic circles, incredibly peculiar, as if they were alive, dancing around like lively spirits. 
The One-Eyed Owl and the others felt a heavy pressure, as if they could barely breathe. 
Even Lin Tian was on high alert, asking, “What are you going to do?” 
Joan coldly snorted, “Don’t compare me to you lowly monsters and fallen beings! Without a solid reason, I wouldn’t kill you. This time, I’ll concede defeat.” 
After speaking, she controlled a rune, allowing it to slowly approach her arm. 
The moment the rune merged with her arm, a sharp “crack!” echoed out! 
A piercing sound of bones breaking. 
But it wasn’t over yet. 
Three more identical runes approached. 
Her other limbs were all broken as well! 
Joan collapsed to the ground, sweating profusely from the pain, and said with difficulty, “I’ve fulfilled my promise!” 
Immediately, she controlled four more runes to come near her. 
In the blink of an eye, her broken limbs were restored! 
It was miraculous! 
Shocking! 
A kind of power never before seen! 
Everyone was dumbfounded, utterly incredulous. 
Even Lin Tian was speechless. Indeed, she had broken her limbs, but it didn’t stop her from healing them instantly. 
Following that, the Divine Domain was closed. 
Joan gave Lin Tian a cold, indifferent glare, “I’ll keep watching you! This time was just a mistake. Next time, I will ensure your death!” 
As she finished speaking, the sound of hooves echoed in the sky. 
A white-winged unicorn appeared, stepping through the air, carrying Joan away. 
“This is the power of a god? Without logic, unrestrained, overwhelmingly powerful…” 
Lin Tian muttered, still in shock from what had just transpired. 
The gap between mortals and gods was truly insurmountable. 
The One-Eyed Owl was still trembling with fear, “Luckily, that woman holds to her so-called justice. If she had wanted to kill us earlier, we wouldn’t have survived.” 
This was the very thing she had feared before. 
The divine domain of a god. 
Unless you escaped during the moment it was being cast, you would undoubtedly die. 
“As far as I know, every demigod’s Divine Domain is different, and the gods’ domains are even more unimaginable,” Osius added, still shaken. 
Having traveled through many nations, this was the first time he had witnessed a true Divine Domain. 
Just standing within it felt like having your head placed on a guillotine! 
A gleaming blade hanging above. 
You could die at any moment. 
Lin Tian stared at the distant figure of Joan, deep in thought, “Is there really no way to fight against these demigods?” 
He needed to devour demigods to evolve, but the overwhelming power gap was simply impossible to bridge. 
Moreover, he had to find a way to kill Joan! 
Otherwise, he wouldn’t be able to swallow this humiliation. 
The Goblin Empire would become a laughingstock, allowing humans to cause havoc within its territory. 
The One-Eyed Owl spoke slowly, “The heroes of Troy—their Hero’s Power can shatter a demigod’s Divine Domain, creating a mutual counterbalance. However, the people of the Troy Empire are exceedingly arrogant, and asking for their help is out of the question.” 
“I see, perhaps there’s a way.” Lin Tian squinted, thinking of something. 
Earlier, the Troy Empire had sent envoys, proposing a collaboration. 
As it happened, they should be arriving soon. 
With that, everyone returned to the main city. 
Many of the monsters and demihumans were in a state of panic, terrified by Joan and afraid to leave their homes, some even considering moving away. 
“Is the Goblin King dead, killed by Joan?” 
“Do you even need to ask? She’s a demigod! They must all be dead. We should escape while Joan hasn’t returned!” 
“Pride comes before a fall! To provoke a demigod, especially Joan, who is famous for punishing evil and upholding justice! That woman’s insane. If you’re marked by her, it’s all over!” 
For a moment, the entire city was abuzz with anxiety. 
At this time, Lin Tian arrived at his statue and said in a loud voice, “Everyone, don’t panic. Joan will never step foot in this city again! I promise you!” 
“Huh?! The Goblin King isn’t dead!” A demihuman exclaimed in surprise. 
Quickly, everyone gathered around to take a look. 
To return alive after facing a demigod truly shocked them. 
They all felt much more at ease. 
Lin Tian continued, “Don’t worry. Joan of Arc? When the time comes, I’ll show you all that even a demigod is only fit to kneel before a Goblin!” 
“Hmph, overestimating yourself. You’re just a mere goblin, yet you dare speak so arrogantly? That’s a demigod! How foolish and ignorant!” 
At this moment, the entire Boarmen tribe, several hundred of them, had packed their belongings and were preparing to leave. 
Their leader, looking shrewd, said, “Bunch of fools. I won’t be sticking around to collect your corpses.” 
They hurriedly made their way toward the city gates. 
“Boom!” 
In the next second. 
The gates slammed shut with a thunderous noise, startling the Boarmen and causing their hearts to leap with fear. 
The boarman leader panicked immediately, “What… what are you doing? Is the Goblin Empire so shameless? You won’t even let us leave? Everyone else is watching!” 
The demihumans and monsters around looked tense. 
Some were starting to panic. 
Lin Tian signaled to Gobu Kuang, who quickly led his men to surround the Boarmen. 
Lin Tian then said, “I said the Goblin Empire allows free passage, but if you choose to leave, don’t do it with a foul mouth. I could hear you spreading rumors and causing unrest from a mile away.” 
“S-sorry, Your Majesty the Goblin King! I didn’t mean to insult you… it’s just a habit of mine to speak like that…” 
The boarman leader, terrified, fell to his knees, his whole body trembling with fear. 
He kept his head low, not daring to look Lin Tian in the eye. 
Lin Tian snorted, “Remember this in your next life: you can eat whatever you want, but you can’t just say whatever you want.” 
The boarman leader nodded frantically, “Y-yes, I’ll remember that.” 
Suddenly, he realized something was wrong, “N-next life? Your Majesty, please, give me a chance!” 
“No, no, you misunderstood. I’m not just going to kill you. Do it.”  
Lin Tian made a hand gesture indicating execution. 
Rumormongers who stirred up unrest could not be allowed to live. 
This had to be a public execution. 
Amid the screams of the Boarmen, the entire tribe—men, women, and children—was slaughtered. 
The other monsters trembled in fear. 
Lin Tian continued, “If you don’t believe that Joan will never come back, you’re free to leave this city. But if you return, you’ll have to pay a 90% tax…” 
Hearing this. 
The crowd looked conflicted; only a few believed him, while others were still considering it. 
Some had already packed up and were cautiously making their way out of the city. 
But just as they were about to leave, they saw, from afar, a massive caravan arriving outside the city gates, forming a line so long it seemed endless! 
“W-what’s going on?” 
“Those people… they look human! But they’re not soldiers; they’re merchants!” 
“Oh my god, it’s the Giant Elephant Empire! The Holy Tree Empire! And… the Troy Empire! How is this possible?! Why are their caravans coming here?!” 
The demihumans were stunned. They had never seen so many caravans from different races coming to the Goblin City. 
Such a massive trade caravan could only mean one thing. 
This city was incredibly safe! 
Even safer than other monster empires, second only to the super monster empires like the Insect Empire or the Elf Empire. 
But entering those empires was extremely difficult for other demihumans and monsters, and staying there long-term was even harder unless they were strong, well-connected, or highly valuable. 
But now. 
The Goblin Empire had attracted trade caravans from three human great empires, showing that the safety level here had surpassed even the super monster empires. 
Seeing this. 
The monsters who had planned to leave quickly stepped aside. 
At the forefront of the caravan was the Troy Empire’s delegation, bearing their iconic ‘Golden Triangle Eye’ banner, symbolizing Troy’s sacred relic, the ‘Eye of Millennium.’ 
The triangle represented courage, honesty, and love. 
Leading the group was a contingent of Trojan heroes—muscular, dark-skinned men walking barefoot. 
They resembled Egyptians, though they were not quite the same. 
The women, on the other hand, had very fair skin. 
They wore luxurious gold jewelry, such as bracelets and anklets, which reflected their nation’s distinct cultural essence. 
A hallmark of Trojan heroes was the ‘Eye of Millennium’ mark, which could appear anywhere on their bodies. 
As for where the mark would appear, it was random. 
However, this group of Trojan heroes had been carefully selected, ensuring that their marks were hidden. 
To avoid giving themselves away. 
“Greetings, Your Majesty the Goblin King. I am the president of the Troy Empire’s Merchant Guild. We will strictly follow your rules and ensure no mistakes are made.” 
At that moment. 
A slender, captivating young woman with fair, bare feet stepped forward to speak. 
Lin Tian stared intently at this group, relieved with his system; otherwise, he would have been completely in the dark. 
Were these merchant guild members all so ridiculously powerful? 
Their average combat power was 9,500! 
The highest among them, even surpassing 10,000. 
And it was this delicate-looking guild president who had the highest power. 
[Muhammad Sara Lv100<br/>
Race: Child of the Divine<br/>
Profession: Spirit Summoner<br/>
Title: Trojan Hero, Most Beautiful Princess, Fearless, Courageous…<br/>
Health: 3100<br/>
Strength: 1200<br/>
Defense: 1200<br/>
Skills: Summoning of Troy (Capable of summoning various ancient Trojan creatures, even gods, depending on the strength of the summoner)<br/>
Equipment: Ancient Staff, Golden Divine Ornaments<br/>
Overall Power: 13,999] 
Seeing this overwhelming combat power, which was even 999 points higher than the One-Eyed Owl’s. 
And similar to Veronica, also a Spirit Summoner. 
Lin Tian almost cursed out loud. Were these people playing dirty? Was this a trade mission or a declaration of war?! 
Sending such a powerful group into the city—no need to guess how malicious their intentions were. 
But there was no rush to tear off the facade. Now that he knew their true intentions, he could seize the initiative and slowly dismantle these people. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 187: Logging Off? No, There’s No Logging Off! 
TL: Sungmin 
The surrounding demi-human monsters were completely entranced as they stared. 
“Is this the famous beauty of Troy?! Such exotic charm, so beautiful!” 
“Compared to ordinary human beauties, this one is even more captivating.” 
“Tsk tsk, how envious I am of the one who gets to ravage her.” 
These monsters had no sense of propriety, expressing their thoughts bluntly. 
Naturally, the others wouldn’t take issue with the words of monsters. 
“A beautiful girl like this, is she really the president of a trade association?” Lin Tian asked provocatively. 
For a moment, the faces of the group clearly showed a hint of panic, but they quickly regained their composure. 
Muhammad Sara, the daughter of the King of Troy, hastily spoke up, “My father is the President of the Troy Merchant Guild. Since childhood, I have learned a lot about business from him, so this time, as I entered the Goblin Empire, I could be considered a branch president.” 
Lin Tian raised an eyebrow slightly. “Is that so? But recently, the number of merchants entering our empire has been increasing. There’s no space left for you.” 
“Hmm? What do you mean by that, Your Majesty?” Sara’s eyes, which were as clear as the sky, filled with confusion as she spoke.  
The people of Troy frowned. 
Although they weren’t here solely for business, they had brought hundreds of tons of goods to make their ruse more believable. 
The other empires had done the same. 
Even if there was no place to store the goods, it didn’t matter. 
Their true objective was to infiltrate and assassinate all the high-ranking goblins. 
But now, what should they do? 
Lin Tian’s eyes gleamed with malice as he licked his lips, staring at Sara. “What do you think? Don’t you understand basic social niceties? You humans, after all.” 
“Your Majesty, please be clear,” Sara said, a hint of disgust flashing in her eyes. 
Gobu Kuang and the others chuckled quietly. 
They knew exactly what Lin Tian was planning. 
Then, they heard him say, “Of course, there’s an unspoken rule. Play with me for a while, and I’ll let you into the city.” 
Upon hearing this, the male heroes of Troy were instantly enraged, ready to step forward. “What did you say?!” 
“Goblin, don’t go too far! How dare you insult our prin-” 
Sara was a princess, and these men were, in essence, her subordinates. Naturally, they couldn’t tolerate the goblin’s insult. 
However, Lin Tian’s gaze turned icy, locking onto the speaker. “Prin- what?” 
The atmosphere immediately became oppressive, and the people of the Troy Empire began to panic. 
Seeing their reaction, Lin Tian couldn’t help but laugh inwardly. 
Knowing their true intentions, he had deliberately provoked them to see how they would respond. 
Refuse the intimate interaction? 
Then their mission would fail. 
Agree? 
Lin Tian would profit handsomely. 
At this moment, Sara quickly tried to manage the situation. “Your Majesty, is there another way? We could offer money as a bribe.” 
“No, no, no. I’m not short on money right now. With the Goblin Empire thriving as it is, do you think we lack funds?” Lin Tian dismissed the idea without a second thought. 
Behind him, One-Eyed Owl and others couldn’t bear to watch any longer. “Kid, don’t go overboard. I think this is the biggest deal you’ve ever seen. Refusing it might make me want to knock some sense into you.” 
It was mostly outsiders expressing their confusion. 
The goblins, however, trusted Lin Tian without question and had no objections. 
“Big Sis, don’t worry. These cunning merchants wouldn’t give up on such a lucrative deal, right?” Lin Tian said, licking his lips maniacally, his behavior utterly perverse and arrogant. 
He wasn’t afraid of her turning on him. He was confident. 
The entire Troy Empire delegation looked gloomy, as if they had swallowed something foul. 
They didn’t know what to do. 
If they returned now, how could they still call themselves heroes? They’d be more like cowards. 
Sara, in her heart, wished she could tear Lin Tian to pieces. She had never encountered such a shameless goblin. 
Expected, yet completely unexpected. 
“President, why don’t we go outside and set up camp for now while we think of a solution?” a man with long, striped hair suggested reluctantly. 
He shot a glare at Lin Tian. 
A princess of her status could never be defiled by a goblin. 
He wanted to act on the spot, but he couldn’t say it outright, so he proposed camping outside first. 
At this moment, Lin Tian grew impatient. “Are you done? You’re wasting everyone’s time. If you agree, I’ll settle it quickly and let you into the city. But I need at least half an hour. Then again, looking at your president’s skills, it might be even faster. Kekeke~” 
Hearing such vulgar words, the heroes of Troy nearly lost their composure. 
But this was, after all, the goblins’ territory. They hadn’t gathered enough intelligence yet and didn’t dare act rashly. 
Though they were strong, they were heavily outnumbered. 
Faced with an army of millions, they could only be overwhelmed. 
After pondering for a long time, Sara finally came up with a solution. “Your Majesty, I’m currently in a… sensitive time. How about after it ends, I’ll offer myself to you then?” 
Hearing this, the people of Troy breathed a sigh of relief, secretly admiring her. “As expected of a princess!” 
To come up with such a perfect excuse—truly brilliant. 
Once they entered the city and gathered information for a few days, they could then make their move. 
It wouldn’t be a matter of offering her body; it would be a matter of taking lives! 
However, Lin Tian let out a sinister laugh. “I don’t mind at all. Since you’ve already decided, come on, beautiful President! If you’re shy, we can go to one of the nearby houses…” 
In an instant, the people of Troy were dumbfounded! 
“Goblin! You… you’re too shameless!” 
“Our President has already said so, can’t you wait a few days?” 
“A king of such a great empire, don’t you feel any shame?” 
Facing their accusations, Lin Tian chuckled. “Shame? Can shame compare to pleasure? I’m already losing my patience. I’m giving you one last chance to choose!” 
Even One-Eyed Owl felt embarrassed. “I really underestimated this guy, sigh!” 
Sara was on the verge of madness, her hatred for Lin Tian growing deep within her heart. 
But she was torn and hesitant! 
Which was more important—honor or her body? 
For the people of Troy, honor was more important than life itself. They would rather die bravely in battle than choose to live cowardly. 
But the body was tied to dignity, and dignity was equivalent to honor. 
It was an incredibly difficult choice. 
Finally, she said, “I agree with you, but please, show me some respect. Let’s wait until my sensitive time is over. For now, let’s…” 
“Let’s what?” Lin Tian asked, his eyes full of amusement. 
Sara bit her red lip, her face flushed all the way to her neck. She couldn’t bring herself to look at the people around her. “Let’s discuss it in the house.” 
“Alright, alright!” 
Lin Tian was overjoyed, eagerly following her into a house, first chasing everyone else out. 
The heroes of Troy stared in disbelief. “President! President! You can’t!” 
“Ahhh! Damn it!!!” 
“Goblin! I… I!” 
They all went berserk where they stood, but they had to force themselves to stay calm, veins bulging on their foreheads! 
If they acted now, it would make Sara’s sacrifice meaningless! 
Their hearts were filled with guilt and rage. “I will follow Sara for the rest of my life! Such a noble spirit of sacrifice—this is the true glory of Troy!!!” 
“Yes! Lady Sara is glorious!” 
“We must keep this secret when we return. Anyone who dares to speak of it, I’ll kill them!” 
After a long time, they finally managed to calm down somewhat. 
About an hour later. 
They watched as Sara, her clothes disheveled, came out, occasionally gagging. 
The people of Troy gritted their teeth, their fists clenched so tightly that they cracked. 
They lowered their heads, unable to bear looking directly at her. 
Lin Tian, on the other hand, was in high spirits, giving orders. “Make way! President Sara, you’ve really worked hard, but don’t forget our agreement.” 
Sara said nothing, merely leading the group forward. 
In a low voice, she muttered, “Disgusting, vile, shameless goblin, I will kill you! I’ll kill all the goblins!” 
… 
After the Troy Empire’s caravan and several hundred commoners entered the city, it was the Giant Elephant Empire’s turn. 
Lin Tian glanced over them, surprised to find their combat strength similar to that of the Troy Empire—about a dozen top-tier warriors. 
Their overall combat power was around 9,500, with only one or two exceeding 10,000. 
The remaining hundreds seemed to be genuine merchants. 
At the forefront was a woman in a red cloak, her face hidden, as if afraid of revealing her identity. 
She stayed at the back of the group, letting an old man lead. But Lin Tian could tell who was strong and who was weak with just a glance. 
He pointed and said, “Old man, step down. Let the woman in the red cloak speak to me.” 
“But, Your Majesty, she…” The old man stammered, clearly troubled. 
Lin Tian pushed him aside. “I don’t like repeating myself.” 
Helpless, the woman slowly stepped forward from the crowd. 
[Persephia Lv99<br/>
Race: Human<br/>
Profession: Puppet Mage<br/>
Title: ‘God’ of Life-Giving, Creator’s Power, Animate the Inanimate…<br/>
Health: 2700<br/>
Strength: 1000<br/>
Defense: 998<br/>
Skills: Puppet Magic (can animate any inanimate object and control it), Amplification Magic, Defensive Magic…<br/>
Equipment: Rune Crystal Heart<br/>
Overall: 12000] 
Though not as powerful as Sara, this woman was equally troublesome. 
For instance, she could instantly animate the hundred-meter statue behind her, turning it into her puppet. 
The Giant Elephant Empire also had a unique trait: “Magic Dolls,” which could be shrunk with magic and carried around. 
When released, they could become enormous statues hundreds or even thousands of meters tall. 
With another cast of puppet magic, she could easily control the statue and conquer a city without much effort. 
Lin Tian brazenly lifted her cloak, raising her chin to scrutinize her. “Not bad. Do you understand the rules here?” 
Upon hearing this, the warriors of the Giant Elephant Empire clenched their teeth in fury! 
Some even contemplated abandoning their mission altogether. 
This was an outrageous insult! 
Perhaps only the fanatics from the Troy Empire, willing to sacrifice their lives for honor, would endure such treatment. 
“No way! Our… our President is also currently on her… cycle. Additionally, she has mouth ulcers, Parkinson’s disease, and athlete’s foot!” 
“Yes, yes, Your Majesty, please let us in. Our products are quite unique. Look at these dolls, how exquisite they are.” 
The group hastily tried to find excuses, scrambling to get out of the situation. 
Lin Tian glanced at the items in the carriage, his eyes narrowing. It seemed these were the magical dolls mentioned in the intelligence from the Ant People. 
He had previously sent the Ant People to gather information on various empires. 
Thus, when the time came, he would target these dolls first, significantly weakening the combat strength of the Giant Elephant Empire. 
He then said, “I don’t mind athlete’s foot, and as for that Parkinson’s tremor, I actually enjoy it.” 
“You…!” 
The old man from earlier was almost driven to death by anger. 
Even after coming up with all these excuses, it was useless. 
Just where was the goblin’s limit!? 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 188: Offshoot of the World Tree! 
TL: Sungmin 
That old man was none other than Zolt, the dean of the Puppet Academy of the Giant Elephant Empire. 
He was also Persephia’s instructor, which is why he was so concerned. 
Seeing that Lin Tian was relentless, Zolt felt both hatred and helplessness in his heart. This was an open scheme against them. 
The only way to break the stalemate was to give up this juicy piece of meat. 
But since they had already made a grand entrance into the Goblin Empire, how could they bear to let such a close prize slip away? 
“Have you made up your mind? If you’re not going to contribute something, then please leave.” 
Lin Tian said, eyeing Persephia’s slim waist up and down. 
It could only be described as a delicate beauty, making his heart itch with desire. 
These people were not your typical superficial beauties. 
That’s why Lin Tian was somewhat interested. 
Zolt and the others paced back and forth anxiously, but they couldn’t come up with any solution. 
In the end, Persephia slowly stepped forward, “Teacher, the Empire has invested much time and money in nurturing me, so let me repay it this time.” 
“You… sigh! Since you feel that way, I have nothing more to say.” Zolt turned away, sighing. 
As Lin Tian wrapped his arms around her fair and slender waist and walked toward the house, 
the surrounding subhuman monsters were filled with envy. 
But they were also puzzled, “This shouldn’t be the case, right? They’re from a great empire, with such a large caravan; any monster empire would be eager to have them settle in.” 
“Yeah, why would the Goblin King dare to make such an outrageous demand? This is simply…” 
“And what’s even more confusing is that they actually agreed! What kind of terrifying magic does this Goblin Empire have to attract people like this?” 
As the coquettish sounds came from the house, everyone’s blood boiled with envy, jealousy, and hatred. 
The One-Eyed Owl couldn’t bear to look, “That kid… I didn’t think he was that kind of person. Hmph, you all have your fun, I’m going for a drink!” 
“Damn, I’m so jealous I could die. That brat gets to enjoy two earthly treasures in a row! Doesn’t he fear exhausting himself?” 
Osius and Grugia cursed under their breaths. 
Gobu Kuang chuckled, “Don’t underestimate our boss.” 
After a long time, Lin Tian appeared alone, still full of energy. 
Zolt and the others rushed forward anxiously, “Where’s Persephia?! Why hasn’t she come out?” 
“Go in and help her out yourself. The rest of you, get into the city quickly, you’ve wasted enough time.” Lin Tian replied. 
They saw Persephia wiping away tears, being carefully helped out, barely able to walk. 
After entering the city and getting some distance, Zolt gritted his teeth and said, “Don’t worry, child, we will personally take down these goblins! We’ll restore your dignity and avenge you!” 
“Sob… Teacher, I… I want to go live with my mom in the countryside after this. I don’t want to be a puppeteer anymore…” 
Persephia cried, her face streaked with tears. 
In the distance, Sara and the others walked over, looking puzzled at the scene, “What happened to you? How did you get into the city from that damn goblin?” 
Zolt sighed, “Same as you, unfortunately. Poor Persephia.” 
“Sigh, I can only say you were too foolish. You didn’t need to make such a big sacrifice.” 
Sara sighed as she returned to her caravan. 
Seeing what Persephia went through, she felt fortunate to have escaped, at least keeping her body pure. 
Lin Tian continued to guard the city gate, surprised to find that his attributes had increased, now soaring to 9,700. 
It seemed the goblin’s abilities hadn’t disappeared after all. 
As long as he completed the mating process with powerful beings, once the upper limit was reached, his attributes would increase. 
The stronger the partners he encountered later, the greater the boost. 
“Great Goblin King, these women are yours to choose from!” 
At this moment, people from the Holy Tree Empire approached, showing great respect. 
Three tall, slender, coldly elegant women stood before him. 
Awaiting Lin Tian’s choice. 
The leader was the Holy Tree Warrior Captain, a big sister type, wearing silver-green light armor, with green curly hair as enchanting as an elf’s. 
Her name was Luna, with a combat power of 12,000. 
Though the tree spirit had been born decades ago, its intelligence was low, so it couldn’t be the leader of this mission. 
After all, for the Holy Tree, it still had a long growth period ahead. 
Lin Tian examined them; each one was quite outstanding, with a unique temperament. Their tight vests revealed fair skin, 
and their fitted trousers perfectly accentuated their long legs. 
But Lin Tian’s real target was the tree spirit. 
From the ant people’s intelligence, he knew that the Holy Tree Empire had sent out a tree spirit, so naturally, he wasn’t interested in these people. 
At this moment, Luna noticed that Lin Tian seemed to be searching for something and instinctively moved closer to the goods behind her. 
Because of this movement, Lin Tian’s eyes locked onto a carriage covered with green canvas. 
He asked, “What’s in that carriage? Open it up and let me inspect the goods.” 
Luna’s face flashed with a trace of panic. “Goblin King, these are all specialty products from the Holy Tree Empire inside—like tree leaf clothing, delicious plant roots, and so on.” 
“If you don’t inspect the goods, you can’t enter the city. Don’t you know that? What if there were dangerous items hidden inside?” 
Lin Tian spoke coldly, his tone clearly conveying his impatience. 
The faces of the Holy Tree warriors turned grim, unsure of what to do. 
Clinging to a glimmer of hope, Luna moved to open the goods in the carriage behind. 
But Lin Tian pointed directly at the one in front. “Start with the first one.” 
Thump! 
Luna felt a surge of panic and, steeling herself, could only signal with her eyes. 
The other two women began to walk towards Lin Tian, attempting to make physical contact. 
However, rather than launching an attack, they started to flirt. 
They kissed deeply, touched him, and breathed heavily, showing the utmost intimacy. 
They were all children chosen by the Holy Tree, and it was only under the guidance of the Holy Tree that they had gained their current status, position, and power. 
Thus, for the sake of the tree spirit, they were willing to sacrifice everything! 
However, Lin Tian had no interest in them. From the very beginning, his target had been the tree spirit, which was why he had been making things difficult for them. 
If he could obtain the tree spirit, his strength would surely increase by a thousand! 
Such a great opportunity could not be missed. 
“Step aside, I’m conducting a serious inspection. Are you hiding dangerous items, trying to slip through unnoticed?” 
Lin Tian questioned sternly, “If you’re hiding dangerous items, I’ll confiscate them immediately and have you all expelled!” 
His words frightened the two women, who quickly denied it, “No, no.” 
They then looked towards Luna with a troubled expression. 
With no other choice, 
Luna gritted her teeth and pulled back the canvas covering the goods. 
Inside was a girl in a white dress, her eyes dreamy, happily munching on fruit. 
Noticing everyone staring at her, she blinked curiously and looked around. “What’s wrong, Sister Luna?” 
“It’s nothing, Miss… Dimiru,” Luna quickly explained with a nervous smile. “Goblin King, as you can see, there are no dangerous items here. She’s the daughter of our empire’s merchant guild president, here just for a visit.” 
Lin Tian’s gaze immediately locked onto the delicate girl, and his expression changed! 
She looked sweet and harmless, but her combat power was the highest! 
[Holy Tree Spirit Lv100<br/>
Race: God<br/>
Profession: None<br/>
Title: Seedling of the World Tree, Protector of All Things, Spirit of the Holy Tree…<br/>
Health: 2000<br/>
Strength: 900<br/>
Defense: 789<br/>
Skills: Power of the Holy Tree (can use the power of the Holy Tree itself, creating magical attacks)<br/>
Equipment: None<br/>
Overall: 15,000] 
Her combat power was almost on par with Joan of Arc, the demigod! 
Lin Tian found it incredible. Although her stats were so low, her ability to use the Holy Tree’s power made her combat power absurdly high! 
If she continued to grow, how powerful would she become? 
As expected of the divine race! 
And this was just a seedling grown from the World Tree’s spread across the world. 
How strong must the World Tree itself be? 
However, based on the intelligence reports and her seemingly clever but low-intelligence gaze, it was clear that she wasn’t very bright yet. 
Even though her combat power was high, there were ways to deal with her. 
It was like giving a monkey a machine gun—hitting a target would still be a challenge. 
He had to take advantage of this moment and find a way to engage with her. The attribute boost would be unprecedented! 
Lin Tian quickly said, “Alright, the goods are fine. But I really like this girl. The usual deal, understood? Since you’ve been honest, I’ll reduce your tax by 20% and arrange the best spot for you.” 
However, Luna and the others hurriedly waved their hands, “Your Majesty, although she appears mature, she has some intelligence issues. You absolutely must not engage with her.” 
“Yes, yes, yes! Who knows, she might suddenly bite you, and she’s extremely uncooperative.” 
The Holy Tree warriors chimed in one after another. 
But Lin Tian remained adamant, “It’s fine. You don’t understand goblin abilities. Resistance is futile. I’ve already given you leniency, and yet you still don’t appreciate it? Don’t blame me if I lose my patience.” 
Hearing this, the group exchanged glances. 
They were deeply conflicted. 
Although they served under the king, this mission was carried out under his orders. 
But it was the Holy Tree that granted them power, status, and dignity. 
Both sides were not to be betrayed. 
Moreover, the Holy Tree King placed great importance on this mission. If successful, the Holy Tree Empire could secure its position as a top-tier empire. 
They wouldn’t even fear a demigod nation. 
Yet despite all this, 
Luna could not allow the Holy Tree Spirit to be defiled. “Goblin King, I truly cannot accept your request. I’m sorry, but we will leave now.” 
“What? Captain… I mean, Guild President, are we really leaving?!” 
“What will we say when we return?” 
“We’ve brought all these goods here, and now you’re just going to leave?” 
The Holy Tree warriors were either silent, questioning, or agreeing with the decision. 
After all, everyone had a different standpoint. 
Some held the Holy Tree as the most sacred, while others believed the king was the greatest. Yet, there were those who thought neither was truly great. 
To them, their own future was what mattered most. 
But as the Warrior Captain, Luna chose the Holy Tree. “I’ll take full responsibility for any punishment when we return. Let’s go!” 
Even if it meant being dismissed, stripped of her status and position, 
it was still better than personally delivering the Holy Tree Spirit to the goblins. 
“Wait! Captain, I don’t agree with this decision. You have to realize that if we go back, we’ll lose everything!” 
“That’s right! I’ve struggled so hard to climb out of that rotten, stinking slum to where I am now, and you want me to go back? To go back to those days of not having enough to eat or wear?” 
“Goblin King, you can take whatever you want, as you please!” 
At this moment, a few warriors voiced their discontent, their expressions cold. 
Compared to their own futures, the Holy Tree meant nothing to them. What mattered most was that being defiled wasn’t the same as being killed. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 189: The Holy Tree Blossomed and Bore Fruit??? 
TL: Sungmin 
The conflict among them perfectly showcased the differences between people. 
Luna coldly said, “Don’t worry, nothing much will happen if you go back. At most, you’ll be punished, but I’ll take full responsibility.” 
Saying this, she prepared to lead the carriage carrying the Tree Spirit away. 
Immediately. 
Two Holy Tree Warriors stepped forward and grabbed the carriage. “President, even if you take responsibility, so what? We’re about to enter the city, start our business, and complete our mission. We’ll get our reward.” 
“But because of your willful decision, everything’s ruined, and you still dare to act noble?” 
Their words were filled with displeasure. 
Then, they sent a new representative. “Goblin Majesty, feel free to do as you wish, but we can’t guarantee your success.” 
Lin Tian’s lips curved slightly; this was a perfect start. He hadn’t even made a move, and they were already at odds with each other. 
He said, “It’s good you understand. I’ll take good care of your business.” 
After speaking, he stepped forward, ready to take the Tree Spirit away. 
Luna wanted to stop him but was blocked by the Holy Tree Warriors. “Madam President, remember your mission!” 
“You all—!” 
To avoid exposing herself and causing more serious consequences, 
Luna could only choose to remain silent in the end. 
When Lin Tian held the Tree Spirit’s soft, white hand, it felt incredibly tender, a strong sense of holiness washing over his entire body! 
However, even though he was a monster, he wasn’t harmed by this sacred aura. 
Instead, it was healing. 
As expected of the Holy Tree that protected all living things. 
Feeling the taste of a god for the first time, Lin Tian was filled with anticipation. Although it wasn’t a true god, only a plant god, it was definitely going to be a brand new experience. 
… 
Far away, in the Holy Tree Empire. 
The king stood beneath a vast, towering tree with lush green leaves. “As long as we have enough wealth, surpassing the Demigod Empire is within reach. Steady progress. With the Holy Tree’s growth, we will eventually dominate this continent!” 
Later, when the Holy Tree grew, it would surely attract the covetous eyes of other empires. 
So now, they needed vast wealth to expand the army, purchase supplies and weapons, and secure their position, lest someone snatch the Holy Tree away. 
The Holy Tree King deeply understood the saying, “An innocent man gets into trouble because of his riches.” 
That was why he took the risk of sending the Tree Spirit to the Goblin Empire. 
Other empires were not much different. 
At this moment. 
The Holy Tree King’s pupils suddenly shrank as he looked up at the foliage. “Wha-what’s going on? What is that!!” 
He saw small white buds beginning to grow among the branches and leaves! 
In thousands of years, this had never been seen before! 
“Impossible, the Holy Tree is about to bloom and bear fruit? But, it shouldn’t be! There has never been a record of the World Tree blooming in the tens of thousands of years it’s existed…” 
The Holy Tree King muttered in shock, confused and puzzled. 
Suddenly, he thought of something, feeling both expectation and surprise! 
When plants bloom, it’s akin to mating and reproduction in humans and animals. 
Excitedly, he said, “This is great! What kind of fruit will the Holy Tree bear? When the fruit falls, what will it become? It must be something good, hahaha!!!” 
… 
Goblin Royal City. 
The merchant caravans from the three great empires had all entered the city. 
In their hearts, they could hardly contain their murderous intent, eager to annihilate the entire upper echelon of the Goblin Empire. 
Especially Lin Tian. 
‘Ding! Health 1500! Attack 700! Defense 700!’ 
Seeing such a massive increase in his stats, Lin Tian was both thrilled and excited. 
The previous boost from Persephia was only about one-third of this. 
Clearly, gods provide a lot more. 
The conversion of strength should be around two thousand, maybe even three thousand. 
Reaching over ten thousand in combat power wouldn’t be an issue. 
“Tree Spirit, how are you feeling? Is there any discomfort in your body?” 
Up ahead, Luna anxiously whispered, carefully observing. 
The Tree Spirit shook her head. “I don’t know what just happened, but it felt very comfortable. My body couldn’t even control itself. Sister Luna, there’s so much strange food around, I want to try some.” 
Only then did Luna feel a little relieved. 
Compared to her, Persephia of the Giant Elephant Empire suffered much more. 
Although the Troy Princess fared better, she was still filled with anger, instructing, “Gather everyone later. We need to hold a meeting to decide our next move.” 
Ahead, Gobu Yue and Alice led the way, arranging places for them to stay. 
At the city gate. 
A large number of demi-humans and monsters hadn’t dispersed yet. 
However, after seeing so many human empire merchant caravans settle in, those who were about to leave all abandoned the idea. 
This place would now be safer than anywhere else. 
Moreover, it would be glorious in the future. 
But just as they were about to turn back and re-enter the city, they were blocked by Lin Tian. “Weren’t you about to leave? Why are you turning back now?” 
“Oh, Goblin Majesty, we—we just hadn’t thought it through earlier…” 
“Yes, yes, please give us another chance.” 
“Our family’s food is very popular, and we can contribute a lot of taxes to you!” 
Many of the demi-humans and monsters began to plead. 
In the back, those who had insisted on staying were grinning from ear to ear. 
A bunny girl teased, “Hmph, you opportunistic jerks! You still want to come back? Goblin Majesty will definitely not agree!” 
“Exactly! He took us in when we were homeless, gave us a chance to earn money, and allowed us to live a stable life. But you chose to flee during the crisis—serves you right, meow!” said Sophia, the owner of the Cat Café, angrily. 
She turned around and left, not feeling any sympathy. 
Lin Tian also issued his final ultimatum. “Now, you no longer have the right to enter the Goblin Empire. Leave immediately! Even the lands of the War Empire are under my control. If I find any of you there, just one word: kill!” 
“This! This is too much!” A dissatisfied demi-human muttered. 
Suddenly. 
An arrow flew out and pierced his head with precision. 
No one could even spot the archer. 
It was Lia. 
She had already been ordered to eliminate countless people who violated the rules and refused to leave. 
This was the best way to handle the situation. 
Lin Tian had no mercy for these people either. 
They were like time bombs to the Goblin Empire, ready to betray at any moment. 
Only those who invested everything they had into the Goblin Empire wouldn’t choose to flee during a crisis. 
There was no fear of them turning traitor. 
Of course, these people were not ordinary demi-humans and monsters; they were fixed merchants with assigned residences and shops. 
As for ordinary people, they could come and go as they pleased. 
“Majesty, please give us one more chance, we promise this won’t happen again.” 
A monster nearly knelt on the ground, filled with desperation. 
Lin Tian coldly glanced at them and then looked behind him. “Fiona, gather all the centaurs. I’ll count to three. If they don’t leave, kill them all.” 
“Yes, Majesty.” 
Fiona stomped the ground, creating a thunderous noise. 
A large number of centaurs quickly gathered. 
There were even many centaur goblins! They had goblin torsos and horse-like lower bodies. 
All of them held long spears, exuding an intimidating aura. 
Seeing this formation, many of the demi-humans and monsters, though reluctant, all knelt on the ground, hoping for another chance. 
“Majesty, if we leave, the many children in our tribe will starve to death!” 
“And your empire has expanded so much so quickly, we have nowhere else to go.” 
“Outside of the War Empire, it’s all human empires. We have nowhere to turn, please give us a chance.” 
“Don’t forget the taxes we’ve contributed to your capital!” 
Hearing these pleas, 
Lin Tian remained unmoved and directly gave the order, “Since you have nowhere to go, I’ll send you to a good place. Next time, don’t waste words with me!” 
Instantly! 
Hundreds of centaurs charged forward! 
Their long spears thrust upward, piercing through a monster’s heart on the spot! 
Blood flowed like a river in an instant. 
This time, they were so frightened that they scattered in all directions, not daring to linger for even a second. 
Fiona turned and said, “Majesty, they’ve fled.” 
“Are you asking me if we should pursue them? I won’t spare any enemy I can kill, even if it’s just a potential threat…” 
Lin Tian replied coldly, his eyes filled with murderous intent. 
Since they had already resorted to violence, resentment would surely take root in their hearts. 
If not eradicated completely, they might someday rise up and bite back. 
“Understood!” 
Fiona nodded. 
The centaurs charged again, their terrifying speed leaving no place to escape! 
Although about a third of the monster merchants were killed this time, this certainly wouldn’t be the last of it. 
Moreover, the three great empires had sent so much cargo. 
They then slowly departed. 
Heading toward the area where the three empires’ caravans were stationed. 
At that moment, Gobu Yue was arranging for them to settle in the spots left by the slain monsters. 
“How is it going?” Lin Tian asked slowly. 
Gobu Yue replied seriously, “It’s mostly settled. But are they really planning to develop here for the rest of their lives? They brought such a large shipment all at once!” 
Beside her, Sara quickly and respectfully added, “As long as the Goblin Empire exists, we will continue to develop here.” 
As she spoke, a trace of disgust flashed in her eyes. 
For the sake of the greater good, she had to endure it. This was her first mission, so some sacrifices had to be made. 
Otherwise, she would become a laughingstock in the empire. 
Besides, she was a princess. 
Lin Tian’s lips curled into a slight smile. Such hypocrisy—since you’ve said so. 
Don’t blame me for taking advantage then. 
He reached out and stroked her soft, smooth chin. “Is that so? Then you must work hard. I’ll work hard too. So, will you come to find me, or should I come to find you?” 
He even let his hand move downward. 
“Um, I’ll come find you myself… when the time comes, Majesty…” 
Sara was on the verge of losing her mind; she had never encountered someone so shameless! She suppressed her anger with great difficulty. 
She tried to dodge, but Lin Tian continued to advance. 
Even Gobu Yue felt that this was inappropriate, but could only manage a bitter smile. 
However, apart from Lin Tian and the Ant people, no one else knew the true purpose of these people, which was why things were unfolding like this. 
Lin Tian wasn’t in a hurry to reveal the truth, fearing they might notice something amiss. 
He intended to play with them slowly, bit by bit, until they went completely mad. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 190: Confronting One of Joan of Arc’s Key Forces 
TL: Sungmin 
The turmoil quickly subsided. 
The Goblin Empire returned to its former state. 
Night fell. 
The assassins from the three great empires—Sara and the others—gathered together to discuss their next move. 
Zolt, the head puppeteer from the Giant Elephant Empire, was still furious. “Why don’t we act now? I can manipulate dozens of magical puppets to create chaos, and then take the opportunity to kill that damned goblin!” 
Thinking of Persephia’s ordeal, none of them could accept it. 
Luna also had a grave expression. “Indeed, the sooner we eliminate him, the better. The longer we wait, the more things could go wrong.” 
At this moment, Sara rejected the idea. “No, we’ve just settled in, so we’re definitely being closely watched. We need to operate like a regular merchant caravan, conducting our sales, and only act once everything has calmed down.” 
Although she also hated Lin Tian to the bone, for the sake of honor and ensuring Lin Tian’s downfall, she knew they had to be patient. 
“You haven’t been defiled by that goblin! Persephia is still locked in her room!” 
Zolt’s old eyes were bloodshot, his expression seething with rage. His tone was extremely harsh. 
But Sara remained unfazed. “Well, if you think you can do it, go ahead!” 
Zolt was so angry he almost ground his old teeth to dust, unable to stand the arrogance of the people from the Troy Empire. 
He then turned his gaze towards the people of the Holy Tree Empire. “And you, are you going to act? Even the Holy Tree Spirit has been defiled by a goblin! Can you tolerate that???” 
“I…” 
Luna’s expression was conflicted with hesitation, but before she could speak, another warrior from the Holy Tree Empire interrupted her. “We’ll follow Princess Sara’s lead. Calm down, Old Zolt. Acting now would indeed be too risky. Wouldn’t it be better to get closer to that Goblin King first?” 
“Hmph, one seeks honor, the other seeks status. How foolish!” Zolt angrily slammed the table, but he had no choice but to back down. 
After all, Persephia was mentally shattered and unable to fight, and they weren’t arrogant enough to believe they could wipe out a super monster empire. 
At this moment, Sara’s ethereal eyes were filled with killing intent. “Doesn’t he desire my body? Just wait a few days. I’ll make sure he dies in his moment of bliss!!” 
“Princess Sara, that’s a great idea! At that moment, the goblin will definitely be at his most relaxed! A sneak attack will surely succeed!” The Holy Tree warriors nodded in agreement. 
No one had any objections, not even Zolt, who found the plan feasible. 
Sara continued, “Then, when the time comes, you should all be ready. Before I make my move, you will infiltrate the palace and start a massacre, wiping them all out in one go.” 
“No problem!” 
“Princess, your wisdom is unmatched. We’ll follow your lead.” 
“That’s a wise choice. Now, all we need to do is wait. Tomorrow, let’s all focus on our sales tasks. We’ll have to do it sooner or later anyway.” 
The meeting concluded with everyone in agreement. 
The next day. 
The people from the three empires were busy unloading goods, cleaning their shops, and setting up the various items and specialties they had brought with them. 
As word spread quickly, the next day, the Goblin Empire saw a nearly doubled influx of visitors! 
Many came specifically for the specialties of the three empires. 
The Troy Empire, being located in a desert region, offered many desert fruits, plants, special silk garments, delicacies, and so on. 
There was even the unique camel milk. 
All of these were very popular. 
But most people were drawn by the sight of Sara’s stunning beauty. 
The Giant Elephant Empire displayed the puppets they had prepared in advance, with no fear of anyone buying them. 
Each puppet cost hundreds or even thousands of gold coins. 
They were displayed purely for show. 
The Holy Tree Empire, known for its variety of vegetables and plants, offered many delicious root vegetables, which were a favorite among the vegetarian demi-human monsters. 
“Lady Sara, no wonder His Majesty said this mission must succeed. I didn’t expect it to be so profitable!” A Troy hero laughed cheerfully. 
In just half a day, they had already sold goods worth tens of thousands of gold coins. 
If they expanded their scale and attracted more demi-humans and monsters in the future, they couldn’t even imagine how much they would earn in a single day. 
Sara smiled proudly. “Of course. So for the sake of our empire’s development and our honor, we must give it our all when the time comes.” 
On the street. 
Everywhere he went, monsters were bowing and saluting. “Greetings, Your Majesty!” 
Many female demi-human monsters also rushed forward madly. 
The one they were greeting was Lin Tian. 
Behind him were the three district overlords: Gobu Kuang, Gobu Tian, and Gobu Shan. 
“Alright, alright, don’t crowd around.” 
Lin Tian said impatiently. He intended to deal with the people from the three empires and had no time to waste here. 
His words were like a military order, and many of the demi-human monsters wisely stepped aside. 
None of them dared to surround him anymore. 
Otherwise, their lives would be at risk. 
However, there were still some demi-human monsters who persistently tried to curry favor with Lin Tian. 
“Your Majesty, are you thirsty? This is our Wild Bull Tribe’s specialty. Please have a taste!”  
A female member of the Wild Bull Tribe, covered in fur and with a muscular build, enthusiastically offered, holding a steaming bowl of milk. 
Lin Tian immediately felt nauseated. “Goodness, what is this…” 
He noticed a few drops of milky liquid still clinging to the fur on her arm, and her face was even more robust than Gobu Kuang’s. 
Even with sugar, he couldn’t stomach it! 
He waved his hand dismissively. “I’m not hungry right now. Stay away from me.” 
But she wasn’t the only one. 
“Your Majesty, Your Majesty, how about I give you a massage, meow?” 
“Your Majesty, Your Majesty, I can clean every inch of your body with my mouth because I’m from the Snail Tribe!” 
“Would you like to experience an unforgettable, dual sensation of ice and fire, Your Majesty? We Water and Fire Spirits can fulfill your desires!” 
“Move aside! Your Majesty, look at me! You’ll definitely like it! We from the Devil Slug Tribe are soft all over, and we can freely change the size of any part of our body!” 
In no time, Lin Tian was surrounded by female demi-human monsters from various races, making it impossible for him to move! 
Some even abandoned their dignity, flaunting their charms right on the street. 
Gobu Kuang and the others were thoroughly enjoying the spectacle. “Wow, what a feast for the eyes! Following the Boss always leads to good things!” 
“Exactly!” 
But Lin Tian felt nothing for these ordinary demi-human monsters. 
From afar, Sara and the other Troy heroes were stunned. “Impossible! How could a mere goblin monster command such respect?!” 
“Damn it, I’m so jealous! That Devil Slug Tribe girl looks really soft!” One of the Troy heroes grumbled. 
Another spoke up, “No worries. Once we take over this place, we’ll have the same treatment as kings, won’t we?” 
Sara, however, remained silent. “Shameless goblin, and now he’s pretending to be all high and mighty?” 
Previously, he had even gone out of his way to block the path, demanding that each member of the empire submit to him before allowing them to pass. 
On the street. 
Lin Tian, unable to move an inch, shouted, “Enough! Aren’t you afraid of me? I can kill without blinking an eye!” 
“To die at Your Majesty’s hands, I would gladly do so!” 
“Quick, torment me harshly! Don’t show mercy!” 
“If you pierce my heart with your hand, that counts as your body entering mine. I’d die happily!” 
Hearing these outrageous and reckless declarations, Lin Tian nearly burst out laughing. He realized that killing wouldn’t deter them. 
It seemed he had to make them understand that mindlessly offering themselves wouldn’t get them what they wanted. 
He then grabbed the soft Devil Slug Tribe member. “I know what you want. Alright, I’ll satisfy you!” 
He didn’t even bother finding a secluded spot and started right there. 
The sight filled the other demi-human monsters with envy, jealousy, and resentment! 
“I want Your Majesty too! You can’t play favorites like this!” 
“Damn it! How could that despicable Devil Slug Tribe get what they wanted? I refuse to accept this!” 
“I’m next!” 
From afar, the Troy Empire group was even more shocked. “Can this really be happening?” 
“So despicable and shameless, though I suppose it’s not surprising.” 
After a while, a group of demi-human monsters began fantasizing about their future lives—worry-free, able to walk tall in the Goblin Empire! 
And their tribes would also benefit, their status soaring. 
They imagined being respected and adored by all, getting whatever they wanted. 
But Lin Tian pulled up his pants and walked away. “Alright, you greedy bunch, let me be clear—I have no relationship with any of you and won’t be responsible for anyone!” 
“What? Your Majesty, what do you mean? We’re surely already carrying goblin offspring. You won’t take responsibility?” 
The Devil Slug Tribe member, who had just been happily fantasizing, now looked anxious. 
Lin Tian chuckled coldly. “Did I ever say I’d take responsibility? If you’re so eager to add soldiers to the Goblin Empire, go ahead. Raise the offspring yourself, and when they’re grown, take them to Alice’s domain.” 
“How can this be! We had that kind of relationship with you!” 
“Exactly, Your Majesty, you’re being too heartless! Which empire’s king doesn’t take responsibility after being with someone? Even if it’s in secret!” 
They stared at him in disbelief. 
Lin Tian couldn’t help but laugh. “Have you all been reading too many fairy tales? I was just playing around. You crossed the line…” 
Then, with a cold expression, he glared at them. 
Gobu Kuang and the others began driving them away, cursing, “Don’t come near! Otherwise, we won’t hesitate to kill you!” 
At that moment, all their dreams of becoming queens or concubines were shattered! 
Knowing Gobu Kuang’s ruthless methods, none of them dared take another step closer. 
They stood there, dumbfounded, having been taken advantage of for nothing! 
When they returned, not only would they lose the respect and adoration of their tribes, but they would also be scorned as worthless! 
For a moment, their pitiful cries echoed through the city, along with the mocking laughter of onlookers. “As expected of His Majesty! Well done! Hahaha!” 
“In the future, you lot should just work at the Succubus House! You can earn a lot of money there!” 
“Hey, little brother, don’t slander us. We at the Succubus House don’t take in ugly ones. Want to come and play? We’ve got only the best!”  
… 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 191: The Holy Tree Empire, I Want to Annihilate You! 
TL: Sungmin 
Lin Tian continued walking forward. 
Soon, he arrived at the Troy Empire’s shop. 
Everyone quickly adjusted their expressions, forcing smiles. “Your Majesty is truly capable, resolving the entanglement so swiftly!” 
“Hmph, business seems to be good for you. Where’s Miss Sara?” Lin Tian suddenly asked, casually picking up a desert fruit and eating it. 
No one dared to say anything about him not paying. 
At that moment, Sara was hiding inside, but having been called out, she had no choice but to come out and meet him. 
Seeing how charming and graceful she was, Lin Tian couldn’t help but tease, “So, how about it? Can you fulfill your promise today?” 
“S-Sorry, Your Majesty, not yet,” Sara replied in a timid, soft voice, keeping her head down. 
Hearing this, Lin Tian impatiently reminded her, “Well, make sure to let me know the moment you can.” 
“I will. Is there anything else Your Majesty needs here?” 
“Anything else?” Lin Tian began to ponder. 
Sara was quite powerful and exceptionally beautiful, and most importantly, she possessed the Hero’s Power, which could contend with the Divine Domain of a demigod. 
He needed to find a way to conquer her and use her as a pawn against Joan of Arc. 
The heroes of Troy highly valued their honor, so making her lose face to the point where she couldn’t return to her empire was the key. Naturally, she would stay here. 
However, this wasn’t a foolproof plan. The best approach would be to devour her and obtain the “Hero’s Power” skill. 
The goblin’s Gene Devour ability could only acquire innate skills, and luckily, the Hero’s Power was an innate skill. 
But fighting her would be troublesome. The best way was to utterly humiliate Sara, making her unable to return home, despised by her people, and willingly become his subordinate. 
He needed to think carefully about how to do it. 
As for the Giant Elephant Empire, it held no value. Eliminating them as soon as possible would be best. 
Regarding the Holy Tree Empire, although the tree spirit was unbeatable, it wasn’t very intelligent and would be easy to deal with. 
The Holy Tree Warriors weren’t worth much either. 
Devouring them to gain experience points would be ideal. 
Lin Tian then gently held Sara’s hand and stroked it for a while. “Alright, I’ll go look around elsewhere for now. Let me know when you’re ready. If it still doesn’t work after three days, don’t blame me.” 
At that moment, Lin Tian thought of a plan! 
An absolutely feasible one. 
One that would definitely keep Sara here! 
He soon arrived outside the shop belonging to the Giant Elephant Empire. Looking at the magical puppet dolls, Lin Tian was still somewhat wary. 
He came over specifically to eliminate these potential threats. 
“Where are the people? Does no one watch the store when you’re selling things? Are you really members of the Merchant Guild?” 
Lin Tian stood outside the shop, questioning them. 
Soon, a group of people came out from inside. 
Zolt forcibly suppressed his anger, “Apologies, Your Majesty, what would you like?” 
“Where’s Persephia? I miss her. Bring her to the palace to play.” 
Lin Tian’s lips curled into a cold smile. 
Behind him, Gobu Kuang and the others exchanged mischievous glances, snickering, “Heh, Boss sure knows how to have fun!” 
Zolt’s mouth twitched hard. “Your Majesty, isn’t that going a bit too far?” 
“Men, seize this store! Confiscate all the goods and expel them from the Goblin Empire!” 
Lin Tian’s expression changed, turning icy as he spoke. 
This was exactly what he wanted. 
Now there was a reason to confiscate all the magical puppets. 
Otherwise, if they started fighting, the large number of puppets would be difficult to deal with, and the buildings would be heavily damaged. 
Hearing this, the people from the Giant Elephant Empire looked as if they had swallowed something vile. “Wait, Your Majesty, Persephia has been in a low mood since yesterday. Could you wait until she recovers?” 
“What do you think?”  
However, Lin Tian gave them no chance. 
He had no morals, so he wasn’t afraid of moral constraints. 
These people were here to kill him. So what if she was in a bad mood? Was he supposed to wait until she felt better to come and kill him? 
Hearing this, Zolt realized there was no room for negotiation with the goblin. 
He could only go to the back room, “Persephia, my child, for the sake of the empire, you’ll have to endure it once more.” 
“No, Master, I don’t want to! Please, I can’t even get out of bed!” Persephia begged in tears. 
But Zolt sighed, “Child, there is no room for negotiation with that damned goblin. If we fail now, we’ll lose everything.” 
It was equivalent to being taken advantage of for nothing and losing goods worth hundreds of thousands of gold coins. 
They were different from the other empires. The other empires dealt with basic goods worth two or three thousand gold coins. 
But each magical puppet cost over ten thousand. 
Helplessly… 
Persephia could only say, “Then… let him come in, teacher.” 
Immediately, Zolt rushed out. “Your Majesty, since she’s having difficulty moving, why don’t you go in?” 
“Sure.” 
Lin Tian sneered coldly, eager to see the despair on their faces later! 
Did they really think this would protect their magical puppets? 
As Lin Tian entered the room, the sound of Persephia’s painful cries could be heard from inside! 
The people of the Giant Elephant Empire were filled with rage, their faces twisted with hatred, grinding their teeth! 
Zolt nearly spat out blood. He had thought this task would be simple and easy to complete! 
Now, they had suffered a huge sacrifice and endured great humiliation! 
“Hey! What’s with those expressions? Are you unhappy with our boss?” 
Gobu Kuang noticed something was off and questioned them. 
Zolt quickly forced a smile. “No, no, long live His Majesty. We wouldn’t dare be dissatisfied.” 
A long while later. 
Lin Tian finally emerged. “Alright, there might be a small issue inside, you’d better go check.” 
Upon hearing this, the group rushed inside, only to find Persephia unconscious, her body covered in bruises! 
“You!!” 
Immediately, Zolt was overwhelmed with rage, turning to glare at Lin Tian. 
“Oh?” 
Lin Tian merely narrowed his eyes slightly at him. 
Zolt’s hands trembled, “Haha… Your Majesty, I didn’t mean anything by it, nothing at all…” 
Anger and frustration filled the hearts of everyone from the Giant Elephant Empire! 
They knew that this talented puppeteer wasn’t just powerful but was also considered a goddess in the eyes of many! 
Now, in the hands of the goblins, she had been treated without any pity! 
Seeing their expressions, as if they had swallowed something disgusting, Lin Tian just wanted to laugh. 
He wondered what these guys would do next. 
As he passed the entrance, he picked up a magical puppet doll. “What a pretty thing.” 
Seeing this, the group momentarily forgot about Persephia. 
They rushed out in a panic! 
Zolt struggled to contain his anxiety, his voice trembling. “Your Majesty, th-this is just a specialty of ours, a handmade carved doll. If you like it, we’ll give you one as a gift.” 
These were their main combat strength. Without them, they wouldn’t even have a chance to get involved in the upcoming fight! 
Lin Tian raised an eyebrow. “So generous? But we insist on not taking a penny from the people. Gobu Shan, pay for them. Buy them all as compensation for Miss Persephia—I was a bit too rough earlier. Hehehe.” 
“What!!” 
The group looked as if their souls were about to be scared out of them. 
Some even stumbled, barely able to stand. 
Zolt’s old face grew tense. “Your Majesty, these dolls aren’t of much use to you. Besides, since they’re handmade, they’re extremely expensive, costing thousands or even tens of thousands of gold coins each! We just display them to see if anyone is interested in such things. 
Over there, we have many other Giant Elephant Empire specialties, like ivory products, bone crafts, and so on! They’re much more beautiful and valuable than these!” 
But Lin Tian insisted, “No problem, I’m particularly interested in these. I counted about twenty, right? Here’s thirty thousand gold coins!” 
“Got it, Boss!” 
Gobu Shan pulled out a large sack of gold coins. He had brought them specifically to buy all the magical puppet dolls. 
“Your Majesty!!!” 
Zolt was almost ready to kneel in desperation. At this point, he didn’t know what to do; everything was happening so suddenly! 
Fight? 
Activate all the puppets with magic? 
But the other two empires hadn’t received any signals yet, and doing so would only expose them, leaving them with nothing. 
Not to mention the large number of soldiers in the city. 
Once they alerted the enemy, there would be no chance left. 
Zolt could only kneel before Lin Tian, “Your Majesty, please don’t buy them all! Many of them hold sentimental value for us; they’re commemorative pieces. I really don’t want to sell them! Your Majesty, could you understand? We can send Persephia to the palace, and you can do whatever you like with her!” 
But Lin Tian gave a signal. 
Gobu Kuang and the others immediately pushed them aside. 
They began packing up all the dolls. 
Lin Tian took the opportunity to activate his space ring and threw everything inside, eliminating all future threats! 
Zolt and the others were completely dumbfounded. 
All their puppets were gone! 
What was there left to play with? 
What task could they possibly carry out now? Persephia was half-dead, and they had no means to resist! 
Like zombies, they knelt on the ground, eyes wide open. 
They watched as Lin Tian swaggered away. 
“Ahhh! Damn goblins! Why? Why did it turn out like this?” 
Zolt roared in fury. 
“Urgh!” 
Suddenly, blood surged, and he spat out a mouthful of old blood onto the ground. 
Trembling, he continued, “We haven’t even started fighting, yet we’re already utterly defeated. We, the proud master puppeteers, are left in such a sorry state!” 
Their hearts were filled with despair! 
They had never imagined they would be so humiliated in the Goblin Empire. 
They had thought they could win easily. 
It wasn’t just losing a little to gain much; they had lost everything, both the woman and their resources. 
The blow was so devastating that they couldn’t accept it at all. 
“Why! Why did he target our magical puppet dolls? This was a royal secret—there’s no way it could have leaked, especially not to the Goblin Empire, which is thousands of miles away!” 
Zolt pondered, growing more and more confused the longer he thought about it. 
It felt as though everything had been planned, not just a coincidence! 
Now that the magical puppets were gone, Persephia could still manipulate the terrain to form puppets, but she had been specifically “taken care of” by the goblins. 
This had rendered her unable to fight. 
The more they thought about it, the more suspicious it all seemed. 
At this moment, a group of demi-humans walked by. 
They glanced over at them occasionally, whispering to themselves, “What’s up with these people? Kneeling on the ground? Humans are so strange.” 
“Earlier, the people from the Holy Tree Empire told His Majesty that their dolls were very valuable. It seems His Majesty bought them all at once, and now they’re so happy they’re kneeling.” 
“Is that so? I’m so jealous. I noticed their dolls were really expensive before. They made a huge profit.” 
“Only His Majesty could afford to buy them all. It must be nice to be so rich.” 
Hearing this, Zolt’s pupils suddenly shrank to pinpoints! 
It was as if he had finally understood something.  
“The Holy Tree Empire… you despicable wretches! Send someone back immediately to inform the king! The Holy Tree Empire has set us up—declare war! We must annihilate them!” 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 192: Distributing Weapons, Completely Stunned 
TL: Sungmin 
“For the sake of profit, they actually want to kick us out? They’re worse than goblins!” 
“Even more despicable than beasts! We absolutely can’t let them get away with this. No matter what, even for Miss Persephia, we must fight them to the end!” 
Everyone was burning with anger. 
They sent one person back to report the situation. 
The rest stayed behind, unwilling to let it go so easily. 
They immediately set out, brimming with fury, ready to confront the Holy Tree Empire. 
In the distance. 
Lin Tian watched the scene unfold with a satisfied smile—this was exactly what he wanted. 
Before making a move, one had to think about the next step. 
Even if he dealt with these guys now, the three great empires would surely launch a coalition to attack him later. 
Though he wasn’t afraid in the slightest, it was best to avoid any bloodshed. 
If he could incite internal strife among the empires, he might even be able to reap significant benefits. 
As for those in the Holy Tree Empire, he decided to leave them alone for now. 
The Tree Spirit wasn’t easy to deal with; better to let the Giant Elephant Empire clash with them first. 
“Get out here! Luna! Don’t you think you’re being too excessive, too shameless? To do something like that just for profit!” Zolt stood outside the shop, cursing loudly. 
Soon after. 
The people of the Holy Tree Empire came out to see what was happening, all utterly confused. 
Luna was baffled, “Master Zolt, what do you mean by this?” 
“What do I mean?! You know exactly what I mean!” 
“You deliberately leaked information to the goblins. Don’t think we don’t know!” 
“You just want to kick us out, don’t you? Just because our two nations were mortal enemies before!” 
The people of the Giant Elephant Empire hurled accusations. 
They could tolerate their hatred for Lin Tian, but they couldn’t bear the actions of the Holy Tree Empire. 
However, they didn’t dare to make a move because of the Tree Spirit. 
Luna was utterly bewildered, “What are you even talking about?” 
Zolt steeled his heart, “Hmph, since that’s how it is, don’t blame us for flipping the table! We’ll tell the goblins about your true intentions right now!” 
“Wait, isn’t the Giant Elephant Empire overreacting? Can you explain in detail?” 
At that moment, Sara also arrived after hearing the commotion. 
Zolt then recounted everything, “Princess Sara, you must deliver justice for us!” 
“Luna, don’t you think you’re being too despicable and shameless?” 
Hearing this, Sara also became somewhat angry. 
The people of the Holy Tree Empire found themselves at a loss for words. 
No matter how much they explained, Zolt and the others wouldn’t believe them. 
If this continued, it could jeopardize the larger situation. 
Sara could only say, “Alright, even if your contribution is smaller at the time, you will still receive the recognition you deserve, how about that?” 
“Thank you, Princess Sara! That’s how an ally should act, not stab us in the back! Luna, our two countries are not finished yet!” 
Zolt flung his hand in frustration and stormed off. 
The atmosphere was awkward and tense. 
Luna’s face was full of grievance and helplessness, “This is insane, absolutely ridiculous! Hmph, if it’s a fight you want, don’t think the Holy Tree Empire will back down. We’ve never been afraid of anyone on our own turf!” 
“Alright, everyone, stay calm for the next couple of days. Don’t jeopardize the bigger picture.” Sara spoke coldly, then left. 
In the distance. 
Lin Tian smiled with satisfaction, “Just like that, huh? After taking you down, I should be able to declare war on that damn Joan of Arc, right?” 
Returning to the palace. 
A month had already passed. 
Now, with the three great empires plotting against him, it was time for a simulation. 
Let’s see what their action plan is. 
“System, start the Life Simulation.” 
[Life Simulation System is activating. Current scenario: The Sparrow and the Mantis 
The people of the three great empires are impatient to strike against you. 
In two days, on a night when the winds howl and the moon is full… 
Sara invited you out for a social gathering, and you eagerly went to her shop. 
Meanwhile, others have infiltrated the royal palace. 
Just as you were about to engage in some intimate activities within the shop, she used summoning magic to pull you into the Troy Arena. 
There, she could endlessly summon ancient Trojans to attack you. 
No matter how strong you were, you died in the endless onslaught. 
Simultaneously, numerous Trojan heroes and Holy Tree warriors infiltrated the palace, and the people of the Giant Elephant Empire hastily produced magical puppets, initiating a chaotic battle. 
Due to the surprise attack, aside from Alice and the One-Eyed Owl who held out for a while, everyone else met a tragic end. 
In the end, Alice escaped, and the One-Eyed Owl fought to the death. 
That night, they produced a large number of dragon-slaying weapons, causing the dragons to not dare approach, and all the dwarves were captured and sold to nations worldwide. 
Many people didn’t even realize that the Goblin Empire had a new king. 
Summary: Although you were prepared, you underestimated Sara’s power. Additionally, your excessive caution and failure to notify others led to their demise through carelessness. 
Score: 0 points (out of 100) 
Reward: 0 Life Points 
This Life Simulation is complete. Time elapsed: Two days.] 
Seeing this result, Lin Tian frowned. He hadn’t expected them to act so quickly and decisively. 
He himself had died too fast, without even a choice in the matter. 
But at least there was one thing he could do: warn everyone in advance to prepare for the ambush. 
That way, they could avoid being wiped out in an instant. 
He needed to summon the dragon clan and dwarves first, or their combat strength might not be enough. 
“Hmph, a sparrow and a mantis, huh? Too bad I’ll always be the sparrow, and anyone who comes will be the mantis.” 
Lin Tian squinted his eyes, coldly muttering to himself. 
He began making preparations. 
Gathering everyone together. 
“Boss, what’s going on?” Gobu Kuang asked, puzzled. It had been a long time since such a grand mobilization—last time was when they attacked the War Empire. 
The One-Eyed Owl and others had gradually integrated into this place and were getting used to it. 
Osius also chimed in, “It really does look like something’s up. How about you give me some noble title for my random lovers?” 
“I want one too, so I can do whatever I want in the streets!” Grugia quickly added. 
Lin Tian shot them a glare, “We’re a proper empire. If you really want that, show some strength and conquer an empire—then you can do whatever you want.” 
“Alright, what I actually wanted to ask is, does anyone here know projection magic, or any method that can create a large-scale projection?” 
Upon hearing this. 
Everyone was momentarily stunned. 
Projection magic did exist, but very few people knew how to use it. 
The One-Eyed Owl’s expression turned somewhat grim, “There was someone in the guild who knew that kind of magic, but he’s already dead.” 
“The old Pope knew how to…” Katheryn said solemnly. 
Osius suddenly spoke up, “Speaking of which, I remember there’s a type of insect in the Insect Tribe, called the Phantom Worm, that seems to have projection capabilities, though it’s usually used to confuse people.” 
“The Insect Tribe?” 
Lin Tian’s eyes lit up, but he quickly frowned again. 
He already owed the Insect Tribe a favor, and asking for their help again might not be easy. 
Moreover, the Phantom Worm belonged to the Insect Tribe Empire’s nobility, making it even harder to enlist their help. 
However, this seemed to be the only solution for now. 
If he could project his and Sara’s interactions throughout the Trojan Empire, it would utterly disgrace her, stripping her of any notion of honor. 
That would force her to abandon her plans to return. 
Even though the system simulation predicted his demise, he would be prepared this time. As long as the goblin forces struck first, she would have no chance to resist. 
He then said, “Go find an Insect Tribe member. If they can help, great; if not, forget it.” 
Worst case, he could devour all the Trojan heroes to gain their powers. 
Sara would be best kept for his use, but she wasn’t essential. 
Before long. 
The ant person who had cooperated with them previously appeared in the grand hall. 
His body was covered in a hard shell, with large, eerie eyes and two small antennae. 
His large, pincer-like mouth looked strong and powerful. 
“Your Majesty, long time no see~” The ant person greeted respectfully. 
Lin Tian didn’t bother with formalities. Instead, he got straight to the point, “The Phantom Worm, is it a noble in the Insect Tribe Empire?” 
“Yes, it’s similar in status to a marquis in a human empire,” the ant person nodded. 
A marquis. 
That meant it held a significant position, and considering it was part of one of the top empires, it wouldn’t be easy to enlist. 
Insect Tribes weren’t just any insects—they were like the ant-men, who were nobles in the Insect Tribe Empire, and even held a duke’s rank. 
The Insect Tribe Queen was a unique creature that could produce various types of insects depending on the situation, functioning similarly to an advanced version of the ant-men. 
Lin Tian continued, “I need some help from the Insect Tribe. Can you convey a message for me and ask them to send a large number of people?” 
Hearing this. 
The ant person patted his chest, “That’s easy enough. If our Ant Queen makes the request, they’ll definitely agree. But don’t forget, Your Majesty, these favors all come at a cost to the Ant Queen.” 
“Don’t worry, I always keep my promises,” Lin Tian replied with an “OK” gesture. 
The ant person then left. 
He used his antennae to send a message to a flying ant person, who would return to the Insect Tribe Empire to report. 
In a sense, they functioned like scouts. 
They had come to the Goblin Empire merely to observe and report back. 
But since both sides were inclined towards friendly relations, Lin Tian didn’t concern himself with such details. 
The One-Eyed Owl looked utterly confused, “So, what’s all this about? Are you going to show us something good?” 
Hearing this. 
Lin Tian’s expression turned serious, knowing he needed to explain this clearly. 
He spoke, “Two nights from now, the members of those merchant caravans that entered the city will disguise themselves and infiltrate here, planning to slaughter all of you. So, prepare the magic formations and be ready to defend.” 
“What?” 
“Wait, did I hear that right? Those caravan members are assassins!?” 
“No wonder something felt off. How could so many people and goods suddenly enter the city, as if it were all pre-arranged?” 
Everyone exclaimed in shock. 
The One-Eyed Owl clenched her fists, her disdain evident. “Hmph, I despise those sneaky bastards the most. If they dare to come, I won’t let a single one of them go!” 
“Big Sis, before that, you should at least grab a weapon. Fighting barehanded really limits your strength,” Lin Tian advised. 
However, the One-Eyed Owl shook her head confidently, “I don’t need one. Only when fists meet flesh can it truly be called a fight!” 
Osius, looking at his empty hands, asked, “Brother Tian, do you have any weapons? Can you hook me up with one?” 
“Me too, Brother Tian! I swear I’ll serve you loyally—no matter if it’s a mountain of blades or a sea of flames!” Grugia added. 
Lin Tian furrowed his brow slightly. “Aren’t you a transformation type? What do you need a weapon for?” 
“I use it before I transform… It’d be a huge waste to transform right away. You’ve got to save the big move for the finale,” Grugia explained. 
Hearing this, Lin Tian had to admit it made some sense. He then pulled out two world-class magical weapons. “Here, take these two swords and use them.” 
As he spoke, he casually tossed the swords onto the ground. 
He also distributed eleventh-tier magical weapons to the other members of the Dragon Slayer Guild. 
Suddenly. 
The entire place fell into stunned silence! 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 193: The Dungeon Was Your Lie—Osius 
TL: Sungmin 
The members of the special Dragon Slayer Guild were left speechless. 
They stared wide-eyed at the weapon lying on the ground. 
That abundant and vast magical power, surrounded by brilliant radiance! 
It all proclaimed unmistakably that this was a world-class magic artifact!! 
“I-I didn’t see wrong, right? This is world-class? This really is world-class!!” 
Osius’s eyes widened, and he immediately crouched down on the ground. 
He wished he could crawl right into that sword. 
Grugia felt the same way, almost kneeling, “D-Do I really have a chance to use a world-class magic artifact? Big Bro Tian! No, godfather! Dad!!!” 
Osius cradled the sword as if it were a beautiful young woman, holding it with utmost care. 
He looked up at Lin Tian and said, “Actually, I didn’t lie last time in the dungeon. If you want it, Big Bro Tian, I can give it to you.” 
“Damn it, stop talking already. Just keep it yourself. In truth, these things aren’t rare for us as long as we have the materials.” 
Lin Tian’s face twisted in disgust. 
Now that even the Dwarves had joined the Goblin Empire, creating world-class magic artifacts was no longer difficult. 
Even One-Eyed Owl was somewhat tempted. 
After all, it was a world-class magic artifact, something she had never owned before. 
But when it came to fighting, she still preferred hand-to-hand combat—it felt more comfortable. 
Lin Tian searched for a while, then helplessly said, “There’s only a tenth-tier pair of gauntlets. Not many people use this kind of weapon, but it’s close enough to hand-to-hand combat, right?” 
A pair of black iron chain gauntlets lay on the ground. 
One-Eyed Owl didn’t seem too interested, “Wearing these things would be so inconvenient. I still prefer not wearing anything.” 
“Big Sis, you should take them. After all, there might be some special circumstances.” 
Osius also tried to persuade her. 
The other members of the Dragon Slayer Guild chimed in, “Everyone else has their own weapons. If Big Sis doesn’t have one, it wouldn’t be right.” 
“What’s this? Are you all no longer recognizing me as the guild leader? Fine, fine, you all consider that kid the boss now?” One-Eyed Owl’s voice was cold, her anger surging. 
The group hurriedly shook their heads and waved their hands, “How could that be? Even though Big Bro Tian is indeed awesome, it’s Big Sis’s spirit that we follow.” 
“Hmph.” 
One-Eyed Owl didn’t say anything else but did pick up the gauntlets and attached them to her belt. 
Immediately after, Lin Tian went to invite the Flame Dragon Mother and Little Black to help out when the time came. 
It would be best if they could wipe them all out in one go. 
Two days passed quickly. 
The sun blazed overhead; it was already noon. Tonight, Sara and the others would prepare to make their move. 
But for such a long time, there had been no news from the Insect Tribe. 
Finally. 
They saw an ant person with wings flying in from the sky. 
Behind him were a large number of blue insects, looking very peculiar. 
These were unique magical creatures. 
Each one was about the size of a person, their blue bodies forming a pattern like a vortex, staring at them for too long made one feel like they were getting sucked in. 
They also had a long nose, like an antenna. 
The ant person reached the palace and landed lightly, reporting, “Your Majesty, the Phantom Worms have arrived, but our Queen has a request. It was she who convinced the Phantom Worm Tribe.” 
Looking at the group of Phantom Worms behind him, there were about a few hundred of them, which was more than enough. 
Each projected image could be seen by hundreds or thousands of people. 
Then, one would spread to ten, ten to a hundred. 
Soon, the entire Troy Empire would know. 
“What’s the request?” Lin Tian asked. 
Immediately, behind the ant person, there timidly stood a small ant person, with big eyes curiously observing the surroundings, appearing very scared and timid. 
The ant person solemnly said, “We hope that you can provide us with a hybrid ant tribe.” 
A hybrid ant tribe? 
Lin Tian frowned slightly, sensing that this request had ulterior motives. 
He replied nonchalantly, “No problem. I’ll arrange for a Goblin to breed with this ant person.” 
However, the ant person shook his head, “No, the Queen wants a hybrid ant tribe bred by you.” 
Their goal was Lin Tian’s genes. 
After investigating the Goblins born from Fiona, Katherina, Little Black, and others, they had learned that Goblins born from Lin Tian’s genes were exceptionally strong—smarter, more ferocious, with higher aggression and predation instincts, faster growth, and superior potential. 
While other Goblins were still in the big variant category, they were already of the hero variant. 
Upon hearing this, Lin Tian’s expression showed a hint of hesitation. 
It seemed these guys had done quite a bit of research on him. 
But given the situation, handing over his genes was no big deal; he did that often enough anyway. 
“Alright then, but it’s getting late, so let’s finish my business first.” Lin Tian said solemnly. 
The ant person nodded without any objections. 
Then he started giving orders, “You, connect to a host body and follow me. The rest of you, infiltrate the Troy Empire and project everywhere.” 
“Huh? The Troy Empire?!” 
Upon hearing this, the numerous Phantom Worms felt a bit terrified. They hadn’t been informed beforehand that they were being sent to their deaths. 
The Troy Empire was a place from which no one could possibly return alive. 
Seeing their hesitation, the ant person coldly stated, “This is an order from your Queen. As worker bugs, do you intend to disobey?” 
With that, the Phantom Worms fell silent. 
For the Insect Tribe, obedience was ingrained from birth, along with their sense of mission and responsibility. 
Even until death. 
The Phantom Worms then connected their long antennae to form a link with the host body, leaving behind a single mother bug. The others immediately set off for the Troy Empire. 
Since they could fly, they would reach their destination by midnight. 
At that time, they would project whatever the mother bug saw, and the mission would be accomplished. 
“Now, Your Majesty, can you begin?” the ant person urged from the side. 
Lin Tian frowned, staring at him. “Are you trying to teach me how to do things?” 
Instantly, the ant person froze, then hurriedly stammered, “N-No.” 
Lin Tian got up and began walking outside, saying coldly, “You all wait here for a while. I’ll be back soon. I won’t forget the Queen’s favor.” 
There was no way he would agree to this so easily. 
He had already guessed the Insect Tribe’s true motive—they definitely intended to cultivate this hybrid ant tribe into a new Queen. 
This would lead to a qualitative leap in reproduction speed, growth rate, and combat power for the new ant tribe! 
It was terrifying to imagine what the Insect Tribe might become in the future. 
Even world domination wouldn’t be out of the question. 
He went into the city and found an ordinary low-level Goblin that looked somewhat like him. 
From now on, this low-level Goblin would be the king. 
Then, Lin Tian devoured a leader variant Goblin, using Abnormal Fusion to transform into the appearance of a leader variant. 
The two of them returned to the palace. 
The ant person quickly greeted them with respect, “Your Majesty, and Lord Gobu Kuang, you’re here.” 
“Bring that female ant person over to me,” the low-level Goblin said according to Lin Tian’s instructions. 
Lin Tian nodded and then grabbed the ant person, leading her to a room at the back of the palace. “As you command, Boss.” 
Watching the two leave, the ant person’s large eyes fixed on them, activating his ability to send insects to monitor them. “Could it be that he’s discovered our intentions?” 
In the insect’s surveillance, after watching “Lin Tian” complete the breeding process, the ant person finally relaxed. 
“Hmph, from now on, our Insect Tribe will become the strongest race! Queen, your time has come!” 
The Insect Tribe Queen was the true ruler of the Insect Tribe. 
The ant-queen was merely a duke within the Insect Tribe hierarchy. 
The ant tribe had been plotting to overthrow the Queen for a long time, and this hybrid was the most crucial step. 
That’s why they were so eager to assist Lin Tian. 
Not long after, the low-level Goblin, looking thoroughly pleased, brought the female ant person back to the main hall. “Our boss is resting now. Take her away.” 
“Please convey our deepest gratitude to His Majesty, the Goblin King. The Insect Tribe will show mercy in the future,” the ant person said, flapping his wings quickly as he left. 
“Show mercy?” 
Lin Tian couldn’t help but smirk as he reverted to his original form. “So the Insect Tribe’s ambition is this vast? They even dream of taking over the entire world?” 
However, even though it was the weakest, most useless low-level Goblin, it was still much better than an original low-level Goblin after Lin Tian’s repeated training. 
After mixing with the Insect Tribe, the offspring produced would be stronger as well. 
At least they wouldn’t be his own, or else the Insect Tribe’s power would become unstoppable. 
… 
In the district, the shops of the three great empires were operating in an orderly fashion. 
Business was booming. 
However, Sara and the others had already begun preparing for action in secret. 
They all gathered together to start their discussion. 
“I’ve decided. Tonight, I’ll make that disgusting Goblin Lin Tian pay the price!” Sara said coldly, her beautiful eyes filled with murderous intent. 
Everyone’s expressions changed, “Princess Sara, are you sure?!” 
Sara continued, “I’m sure. Tonight, I’ll invite him over, then drag him into the Troy Arena and slowly play him to death!” 
“In that case, we’re certain of victory. As expected of Princess Sara, both courageous and wise!” Luna praised. 
Zolt also spoke up, “We’ve prepared many puppets. Although they can’t attack on a large scale, they can still play a role.” 
One of the Troy heroes scoffed, “Hmph, with us taking action, that should be more than enough. You just need to follow along; you won’t miss out on anything.” 
The others remained silent, not arguing. 
Indeed, the heroes of Troy were all powerful. Since they wanted to take the spotlight, they let them. 
Luna added, “This time, we should thank Princess Sara. You’re making the biggest sacrifice and contribution. If I have the chance, I’ll definitely visit your country.” 
“It’s nothing. Just one Goblin. If it weren’t for the bigger picture, I could’ve killed him more easily. Now, just wait for my signal. Then you can all infiltrate the palace and wipe out the entire high command,” Sara instructed with determination. 
They were all full of confidence! 
Even though they had each suffered a bit, they dismissed it as mere accidents. The final victory would undoubtedly be theirs. 
Inside the Goblin Palace… 
Lin Tian was in the midst of planning how to handle the situation that night. The enemy’s average combat power was around 9,500. 
However, because of their total collapse in Persephia and the near destruction of the Giant Elephant Empire, their combat strength had significantly weakened. 
With the main forces of Alice, Little Black, the Flame Dragon Mother, and One-Eyed Owl on his side, along with the rest of his team, they were more than capable of dealing with the threat. 
Moreover, he had already set up magical traps in advance. 
Lin Tian also needed to think about how to deal with Sara when the time came. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 194: A Night of Darkness and High Winds, Perfect for Killing and Arson 
TL: Sungmin 
Troy Arena. 
It was somewhat similar to Veronica’s Dark Realm, or perhaps akin to the world-class magic that Summoners and Necromancers could learn upon reaching level 100. 
The effect was almost identical to “Closing the Door and Beating the Dog.” 
A unique space was generated, continuously summoning creatures to attack. 
It was worth noting that in the battle at Laiyang Plains, even the old Pope had been nearly beaten to death after entering. 
Lin Tian had some self-awareness. 
It was impossible to face the Necromancer’s move head-on. 
He had to think of another way. 
“You want to play dirty with me, huh? Then don’t blame me for playing dirty back.” 
Looking into the distance, Lin Tian’s lips curled into a wicked smile that spread across his entire face. 
Then. 
He headed towards the dungeon. 
When the time came, he would simply have Rebecca help him charm Sara. 
The succubus’s charm ability wasn’t just effective on men—it worked on women too. 
Both men and women were biological creatures; the hormones in their brains couldn’t be that different. 
When Lin Tian appeared, Veronica lowered her head, filled with venomous resentment. “What exactly did you do to my Rebecca? Why won’t she pay attention to me anymore? And why does she keep calling your name?!” 
“Why should I answer you?” Lin Tian snapped coldly. 
This time, he wasn’t here for her and couldn’t be bothered to deal with her. 
Instead, he turned to Rebecca, “Dear, I need your help with something. Come with me.” 
“No problem, dear!” Rebecca responded excitedly, getting up to leave. 
She was no longer bound by chains. As long as Lin Tian stayed here, she wouldn’t leave. 
Just as they were about to walk out the door, Veronica’s voice echoed again, “Lord Lin Tian, if… if you return Rebecca to me, I’m willing to give up everything! My power might not be the strongest on this continent, but it’s not to be underestimated. If you ever need me, I’ll do whatever it takes to help you!” 
“Hmph, do you think I’ll believe that?” 
Lin Tian sneered, casting a contemptuous glance her way. 
This woman was no pushover—she looked pitiful, but who knew how cruel she really was inside? 
Her earlier act of pretending to beg for mercy had made that clear. 
However, Veronica continued, “No, Rebecca has been with me for hundreds of years. It’s only after losing her that I realized she’s more important than anything. Believe me or not, when you need me, I’ll prove it with my actions!” 
Upon hearing this. 
Lin Tian didn’t respond but instead left with Rebecca first. 
“When the time comes, just follow my plan. Do you understand?” Lin Tian said, his expression serious. 
Every step was crucial and could not go wrong. 
Rebecca nodded vigorously, “Don’t worry, dear, I won’t make any mistakes.” 
As night fell. 
The restlessness came not only from the insects and frogs chirping in the twilight. 
But also from the assassins of the three great empires. 
In a concealed room, Sara was repeatedly going over the plan with everyone. “I’ve already sent someone to invite the goblin over. Once he arrives, you’ll infiltrate the palace immediately. 
Then, the Holy Tree Empire people, your main target is the One-Eyed Owl and the Dragon Slayer Guild members. 
As for the rest of the Troy heroes, just take care of the goblin faction led by that girl, Alice. 
Zolt, the people of the Giant Elephant Empire, will assist as needed, dealing with any unexpected situations.” 
The objective was clear, and they were all ready to act. 
Everyone was brimming with confidence, their faces plastered with wicked grins. 
“Hmph, we’ve been holding back for days, and now we can finally kill those damned goblins, hahaha!” 
“I’ll skin that goblin and make boots out of it!” 
Zolt added, “Princess Sara, please make sure to leave me a whole corpse. I need to take it back to Persephia, in the hope it will heal her heart.” 
At this point, Luna furrowed her brows, filled with concern. “Princess Sara, are you sure you can handle that Goblin King on your own? Our investigations over this period show that there are many mysteries about him, and he’s very difficult to deal with.” 
“Tch, it’s just a goblin,” one of the Troy heroes scoffed. 
Though they had been humiliated recently, it was only because they didn’t want to blow their cover. Otherwise, they wouldn’t have stooped so low before a mere goblin. 
Luna continued, “From my investigation, this goblin was just a low-level goblin in a tribe, struggling to get enough to eat over a year ago. 
Yet, in such a short time, he’s built such a powerful empire. Do you really think he’s an ordinary goblin? And the way he deliberately made things difficult at the city gate, as if he knew we wouldn’t dare leave—it’s suspicious.” 
Upon hearing this, everyone fell into a brief silence. 
But Zolt, driven by his prejudice, retorted irritably, “You’re scared of a goblin? Hmph, how will you face the Giant Elephant Empire’s army? He just got lucky, picking up the victories from the Church and the Great Tomb, then using humans to produce soldiers.” 
Finally, Sara cut off the argument, “Enough. Thank you for your concern, Warrior Luna, but a goblin, in front of me, can only be toyed with and then killed. Even the One-Eyed Owl won’t walk out of the Troy Arena alive.” 
“The time is about right. Everyone, leave and start preparing. He should be arriving soon.” 
The group dispersed, each vanishing into the darkness. 
Not long after, there was a knock on the door. 
It was Lin Tian, who had come immediately after receiving the notification. 
The door opened. 
Under the moonlight, Sara’s high-bridged nose and deep, piercing eyes were revealed, causing Lin Tian’s lips to almost curl uncontrollably. 
Good things were meant for those who had a plan. 
The feeling of everything being under control, with no fear of any opponent, was simply exhilarating. 
Not only could he indulge in the pleasures with such an exotic beauty, but he could also eliminate that bitch Joan of Arc. 
Just one word—satisfying. 
Lin Tian said, “Miss Sara, why is the shop so dark? Where are the others?” 
“Your Majesty, you know why I called you here, so why ask? They’ve all gone to the succubus brothel in the city to amuse themselves, I suppose,” Sara replied, feigning softness. 
She quickly pulled Lin Tian inside and swiftly shut the door. 
One moment, she was like a delicate lotus in the moonlight, as if a mere touch could damage her petals. 
Now, she was like a tiger revealing its true nature in the darkness, ready to devour Lin Tian with bared fangs. 
Lin Tian, playing along, was led into a dimly lit room. 
Glancing at the setup in the room, Lin Tian couldn’t help but laugh, “You’re quite thoughtful, preparing such a big bed.” 
“Of course, Your Majesty. Now, close your eyes—I have a… surprise for you,” Sara said, tracing her slender fingers across Lin Tian’s chest. 
She could hardly wait! 
She could hardly wait to finish Lin Tian off. 
It only took a three-second casting time to pull him into the Troy Arena. 
Lin Tian coughed, excited, “Alright, alright. I never expected you, who always seem so cold and dignified, to have such a different side!” 
Just as he closed his eyes, Sara began to cast her spell, the light of a magic circle already starting to manifest. 
But then, there was a sudden, intense knocking at the door. 
Immediately, Lin Tian opened his eyes, and Sara hurriedly put away her ancient staff, her eyes darting nervously. 
“Who the hell is it, daring to ruin my good time? You, go out there and kill them right away! I’ll take responsibility!” Lin Tian cursed, handing Sara a dagger. 
Seeing this, Sara also felt a deep hatred for the person outside. “Alright!” 
Without delay, she took the dagger and headed toward the door. 
As she walked away, Lin Tian sneered disdainfully, thinking, What nerve she has, daring to face me alone. Who gave her the courage? 
However, if she hadn’t been a necromancer with weak individual combat strength, Lin Tian wouldn’t have dared to be alone with her. 
If she were like the One-Eyed Owl, she would have already killed him. 
At the door, Sara pushed it open, her gaze cold and resolute, ready to stab the person outside. 
But Rebecca quickly dodged the strike. 
Realizing she had missed, Sara looked up to see who it was, and in that brief moment of eye contact, Rebecca’s pupils turned into pink heart shapes, unleashing the powerful charm ability of the succubus! 
Sara was instantly hit with a full-force charm. 
However, while a succubus’s charm control was only effective on males, the charm ability was different—it could work on any gender. 
And that was enough. 
After successfully executing her move, Rebecca immediately fled as Lin Tian had instructed. 
But Sara hadn’t yet realized what had happened; she only felt as if a current had passed through her entire body, a very strange sensation. 
Her mood was restless and frantic. 
Her cheeks flushed with heat, and her thighs involuntarily pressed tightly together, her body writhing slightly. 
“What… what’s happening to me? Who was that just now? But they probably won’t dare come back, right? No matter, I need… I need to go kill that goblin first…” 
Sweat dripped from Sara’s face, her breath hot and heavy, the warmth almost visible in the air. 
She struggled to the door of the room. 
But she found Lin Tian already lying on the bed, waiting for her. 
And crucially, completely naked. 
With just one glance, Sara’s eyes locked onto something she shouldn’t have seen, as if they were perfectly matched! 
Her whole spirit was suddenly revitalized. 
Her lips dried up, craving the primal, wild nourishment of hormones. 
She completely forgot her mission to kill Lin Tian. 
Like a ravenous wolf, she pounced. 
Reenacting the events that had taken place when they first entered the city. 
Afterward, under the influence of Lin Tian’s goblin abilities, Sara completely lost the will to resist. 
So-called Troy heroes were now nothing more than livestock, with nothing in their minds except the word “desire.” 
Totally at the mercy of others. 
Then, Lin Tian summoned the mother of the Phantom Worms. 
He began to project. 
The Phantom Worm’s ability activated, blue light filling the room, dazzlingly bright. 
Its body acted like a vortex, recording all the images before it and transmitting them through the bug’s collective ability to the other Phantom Worms far away in the Troy Empire. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 195: Rage, Troy’s Arena! 
TL: Sungmin 
… 
Under the night sky. 
The Troy Empire was ablaze with bonfires. 
Why bonfires, you ask? Because tonight was a full moon night, and it was also their monthly bonfire festival. 
On this day, families gathered. 
They lit bonfires in courtyards and on the streets, eating roasted meat, singing Trojan songs, and telling Trojan legends. 
It was a lively affair. 
In the corners of the houses, 
One by one, Phantom Worms emitting a dim blue light appeared, concentrating their glow on the tips of their noses and pointing towards the sky. 
They projected everything the mother body had seen! 
“Swish!” 
Immediately, a multitude of images, like an open-air movie, spread across the Troy Empire. 
At this moment, the King of Troy was also in the kingdom’s square, walking hand in hand with a group of nobles, singing and dancing around the bonfire. 
The surrounding nobles were all flattering him, “Your Majesty, soon the Goblin Empire will be divided among us, and by then, there will be endless wealth, hahaha!” 
“With the Princess herself leading the charge, victory is only to be expected!” 
“Indeed, the Princess will bring us endless riches! Our Troy Empire will stand on equal footing with the Demigod Empire!” 
“Let’s hold a welcoming ceremony for the King’s daughter when she returns. We should bestow upon her the highest honor of Troy!” 
“Yes, the highest honor!” 
Hearing these flatteries, 
The King of Troy grinned widely. 
Suddenly, he noticed the large projections in the sky, dazzling and bright. 
“What is that, hmm? Hahaha! This is great, who is projecting these images? Reward them for me!” 
The King of Troy’s face, illuminated by the bonfire’s light, appeared particularly greasy and flushed. 
Because he was already drunk, his eyes were a bit blurry. 
He could only make out the rough shapes, and under the influence of alcohol, he didn’t blame anyone for such a thing; instead, he found it amusing. 
The more he watched, the more excited he became, “That woman’s figure, I’ve had thousands of women, but none of them had a body as good as hers! If only she were my wife, hahaha!” 
“Find that person for me. I’ll pay ten thousand gold coins to have her husband give her to me!” 
As he watched the images in the projection, 
The faces of the nobles were filled with disbelief, shock, and some couldn’t even bear to look. Others were excited. 
Many of them stood with their mouths open, unable to utter a word. Dancing? Forget about it, the projection was far more captivating. 
The King of Troy was engrossed in what he saw, but then he said, “Are you deaf? Did you not hear what I said? Why aren’t any of you responding?” 
As he spoke, he staggered closer to get a better look. 
The more he watched, the more he realized something was wrong. 
Suddenly, he sobered up, rubbed his eyes hard, and exclaimed in shock, “Sa, Sara!!! My Sara! What’s going on! Who’s showing this projection!” 
He sprinted forward and spotted the Phantom Worms in a dark alley. 
“Buzz!” 
The power of a hero burst forth, turning everything within a hundred meters into ruins, and the Phantom Worms exploded into fragments. 
The King of Troy turned to the nobles, “How dare you keep watching! Do you want me to gouge out your eyes!!!” 
Immediately, 
The nobles lowered their heads, not daring to make a sound. 
But the images in their minds couldn’t be erased, and some of them even had physical reactions. 
The King of Troy, panicked and at a loss, looked into the distance. 
There were still many such projections in the city. 
“Ahhh! Who is doing this! This–this is impossible! Why is my Sara being defiled by a Goblin!!!” 
Roaring in anger, the King of Troy rushed into the city. 
At the same time, 
The residents of the city were equally excited, though some were as furious as the King. 
“Look! Look at our Princess Sara! How could she make such a shameful face, and with a Goblin no less!” 
“Does she even deserve to be a princess? She’s practically an animal! The way she looks insatiable makes me sick!” 
“Exactly, I’m nauseated too, my brother even threw up!” 
“Should I hate or thank that Goblin? Otherwise, I’d never have seen the princess like this in my entire life!” 
“I’m so jealous, my dear princess, boohoo! I hate it! I hate that it’s not me!” 
“After all the empire’s training, is this how she executes her first mission? The shame of Troy! Carried out right on a goblin’s bed! Disgraceful!” 
“If it weren’t for the projection, we’d never know that our precious princess is currently enjoying herself!” 
“It’s infuriating!” 
The residents’ voices roared like a storm, adding an unforgettable hue to this full moon bonfire night. 
A hue that would go down in history! 
“Damn Goblins, I’ll slaughter them all!!!!” 
In the distance, 
The King of Troy, like a madman, sped through the city, destroying any Phantom Worm he encountered on the spot! 
In no time, hundreds of Phantom Worms were dead. 
However, the entire population of the royal city had seen everything clearly; it was impossible for them to forget. 
When passersby noticed the King of Troy, they averted their eyes in panic. 
They kept their distance. 
Yet, a group of elderly Trojans had already begun to gather, preparing to march to the palace to demand an explanation. 
Each of their faces burned with anger. 
Despite their thin, dark, and aged bodies, they possessed an unyielding Trojan spirit. 
“This matter won’t end here. How could a dignified princess stoop so low? We must have an explanation!” declared the leading elder of Troy sternly. 
At that moment, 
The King of Troy turned a corner and blocked their path. “There’s no need to go to the palace. I am fully aware of the situation. I hereby announce that Muhammad Sara is stripped of all her titles and rights! She is no longer a princess, no longer my daughter, and no longer a Trojan! She is now the enemy of the Trojans! I will dispatch soldiers to have her executed!” 
He nearly shouted these words. 
Sara had not only brought shame upon him but had also disgraced the entire Troy Empire! 
For an empire with thousands of years of history, such a scandal was unforgivable. 
The one who was most furious, in fact, was the king himself. 
Upon hearing this, the elder of Troy finally relaxed. “Good, I trust that this isn’t His Majesty’s fault. Moreover, that damned Goblin must be eradicated from this world! How dare it defile our sacred and noble Trojan bloodline! It must die!” 
“No problem! Let me catch my breath, and I will deal with it later!” the King of Troy replied, panting heavily, filled with hatred. 
That night, 
The entire Troy Empire remained sleepless, each person burdened with complex emotions. 
They had never anticipated that such a thing would happen on a mission to the Goblin Empire. 
The Goblins, whom they had always looked down upon, had actually defiled their proud princess. 
And not only that, but they had also arrogantly projected it for all to see. 
… 
In the Goblin royal city, 
Lin Tian was already drenched in sweat from exhaustion, but Sara’s top-tier body was like a finely crafted gem. 
Once he had it in his grasp, he couldn’t bring himself to let go. 
Moreover, it brought forth a strong sense of possession and guilt. 
He felt an urge to shatter the gem, fearing it might fall into someone else’s hands. 
It wasn’t until he had no strength left at all, 
But even then, Sara didn’t want to stop. “Your Majesty, Your Majesty! Please, I don’t want it to end here!” 
Under Rebecca’s influence, she had even forgotten her own name. 
In her mind, there was only Lin Tian. 
Only the raw, primal hormones coursing through her. 
Lin Tian still had matters to attend to at the palace, so he grabbed a basin of cold water and mercilessly doused Sara with it. 
Only then did she gradually regain her senses. 
However, 
While being lost in fantasy and passion was delightful, reality was cruel. 
When she realized what she had done, she nearly broke down. “You! What have you done? No, what have I done! How could this happen! Was that really me just now? No, no! No!!” 
Recalling the vivid scenes and sensations from earlier, she clutched her head in despair. 
She couldn’t accept what she had just done! 
As a Trojan, and more importantly, as the Princess of Troy, 
How could she have so willingly desired such things from a Goblin! 
“I… I must kill you. No one else can ever know about this!” 
Sara desperately tried to attack. 
But she found her body aching, burning with pain, and utterly unable to move. 
Lin Tian sneered, “Don’t resist; it’s meaningless. Killing me won’t erase what you’ve done. Some things can never be undone.” 
“I just need to kill you; no one else can know! I’ll kill you, I’ll kill you, kill you…” she muttered, struggling with all her might. 
Suddenly, Sara noticed a large blue-glowing insect nearby. 
Her heart sank as if it had been struck by a heavy blow. 
She recognized the Phantom Worm! 
She immediately questioned, “You, you! Impossible! How could you control Phantom Worms, let alone have them project in the Troy Empire? Impossible!” 
“Oh, you’re afraid of that, huh? How unfortunate. Not only did I control them, but I also sent a large number of Phantom Worms to the Troy Empire. They probably livestreamed the whole thing for three to four hours. Too bad there were no tips or gifts,” Lin Tian replied with a sinister smile. 
It had been quite a satisfying livestream. 
Sara felt as if she had been torn apart, her heart writhing in agony. “Goblin, I curse you to die a horrible death!!!” 
With those words, she mustered all her strength and activated the Troy Arena! 
Lin Tian frowned, having been too absorbed in his victorious pride to dodge in time. 
The scene shifted. 
He suddenly found himself in a vast and magnificent arena! 
It resembled the ancient Roman Colosseum, with towering stands all around. 
The structure was shaped like a funnel. 
In the center was a wide expanse of yellow sand. 
However, there was no sky, no audience, everything appeared pale and dreamlike. 
Only Sara was there, sitting with difficulty on the spectator stand. 
Her deep, beautiful eyes were filled with murderous intent. “I want you to die in agony. I want you to pay for this!” 
But as she finished speaking, 
Lin Tian remained silent, and the surroundings grew eerily quiet. The atmosphere became awkward. 
But Sara didn’t have enough strength to summon more powerful creatures from Troy. 
This only made her feel even more aggrieved. 
She was filled with so much hatred, yet now she couldn’t do anything about it. 
Gritting her teeth, she managed to summon a low-level creature from Troy. “Go, Mad Gladiator, kill him! Break every bone in his body! Especially the cartilage!” 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 196: Night Assault on the Palace 
TL: Sungmin 
A towering figure, over two meters tall, emerged from the magic circle. 
He wielded a long spear and a round shield. 
His muscles glistened with sweat, exuding an aura of raw power. 
With a wide-open mouth, he roared, “I will tear your ass apart!!!” 
However, 
Lin Tian simply flew forward with a kick, and the sound of bones snapping echoed immediately! 
The gladiator crashed into the edge of the arena, spewing blood from his mouth! 
His internal organs were shredded by the broken bones. 
This type of gladiator had only about three to four thousand combat power; Lin Tian could easily dispatch him now. 
Seeing this, Sara was furious but helpless, “Just wait! I will summon an even stronger creature, one that will make you wish you were dead! How dare you… how dare you do this to me…” 
She was nearly in tears as she spoke. 
The memories of what had just happened replayed in her mind, along with the relentless demands she had made. 
The shame was unbearable! 
She wished she could kill herself on the spot. 
“Don’t resist anymore; you’ve lost everything—your body, your honor, your country. Want to see? If you want to see, then bring that Queen Phantom Worm in too.” Lin Tian spoke coldly. 
Upon hearing this, Sara indeed wanted to see what was going on. Her greatest fear was that the entire Troy Empire had witnessed what had just happened to her. 
Honor was more precious than life. 
If that were true, it would be better to just die. 
Immediately. 
After the Phantom Worm entered, it activated its ability, projecting the scenes seen by other Phantom Worms. 
A few of the worms in Troy had managed to survive. 
In the projection, the King of Troy was giving a speech, “I will not ignore what just happened. I have stripped Muhammad Sara of all her titles and power. 
And I have sent Troy’s war gods to hunt her down! Justice will be served! This disgrace to Troy’s honor will not be tolerated!” 
Upon seeing her father say such words. 
Sara’s legs went weak, nearly causing her to collapse, “No, it’s impossible, how could this happen? Damn goblin! You’ve ruined everything!” 
Even the strongest of women would break down entirely now. 
“Hmph, so what? It seemed to me that you were enjoying yourself quite a lot earlier.” Lin Tian said. 
Upon hearing this, Sara recalled her actions from just moments ago, overwhelmed by shame and humiliation. 
She immediately drew the dagger from her waist and aimed it at her heart, ready to stab. 
She no longer had any face to live on, no face to see her people, and she didn’t want to be hunted by Trojan War Gods. 
Ending her life was the best choice. 
Seeing this, Lin Tian quickly said, “Do you think that if you die now, everything that happened will just disappear? You will still be remembered as Troy’s disgrace…” 
“Then what do you want! You’ve already done this to me; what more do you want? Why are you doing this to me!” Sara knelt on the ground, crying out in despair. 
Lin Tian slowly walked up to her, lifting her tear-streaked face with his hand, and said, “I can give you a chance to turn things around. You just need to obey.” 
“What… what chance?” 
Upon hearing this, Sara clung to Lin Tian’s leg in desperation. The humiliation she had suffered was nothing compared to the pain of her ruined reputation. 
Lin Tian revealed the final part of his plan, “It’s simple. Become my slave and assist me. When I attack the Troy Empire, you can appear to save the country. 
At that time, all the past will mean nothing. You will be remembered as the savior! The true hero of Troy, and they will crown you as king!” 
Sara bowed her head, quickly weighing her options. 
Indeed, it was a good plan, a highly effective one. 
This way, she would no longer be the disgrace of Troy but its savior! The true hero! 
Not only could she turn everything around, but she could also gain supreme glory, surpassing that of any past king. 
Without hesitation, Sara agreed, “I’ll do it! I’ll do anything! What do you need me to do?” 
The shame she had suffered was unbearable. 
After twenty years of rigorous training, her first mission had ended in disaster, worse than death. 
So, to regain her honor, she was willing to do anything. 
“Your companions have already infiltrated the palace, haven’t they? Come with me and let’s kill them all.” Lin Tian said calmly. 
Sara’s heart skipped a beat, and she was filled with disbelief, “How… how did you know? Was this all part of your plan?” 
“Hmph, not bad. If you perform well, I’ll give you everything you desire.” 
Lin Tian smirked, his tone laced with mockery. 
Sara was utterly shocked. It turned out she had been nothing more than a pawn all along. 
But nothing she said would change anything now. 
The outcome was already decided. 
She then dispelled the Troy Arena. 
Like a lifeless doll, she obediently followed Lin Tian toward the palace. 
… 
Inside the palace. 
The night was eerily silent, sending chills down one’s spine. 
Silver-white moonlight poured down, cold as if it condensed a layer of frost on the ground. 
Alice, the One-Eyed Owl, and Gobu Kuang all transformed into hunters, hiding along the palace’s inevitable paths. 
The One-Eyed Owl hung upside down like a bat in the Goblin Hall, with the entire Dragon Slayer Guild behind her. 
Even Little Black was there, helping out, waiting for the enemy to arrive. 
Alice, Gobu Kuang, and the others, along with the dragon-like subhumans led by the Flame Dragon Mother, lay in wait along the small paths of the dormitory area. 
They were certain the enemy would come there. 
At this moment, Luna and the other assassins from the Holy Tree Empire had already reached outside the hall. 
Someone had used the spell ‘Light Leaf Step,’ which greatly reduced the sound of their footsteps. 
However, standing in the wind, their scent was detected by Little Black. Its eyes glowed brightly in the dark, signaling to the others. 
It then covered its compound eyes to prevent the glow from attracting attention and exposing them. 
Luna, holding a spear crafted from the branches of the Holy Tree, made a gesture, and the group silently entered the hall. 
Seeing it was empty, they finally felt at ease. 
“Crack!” 
Suddenly, a piercing sound exploded in everyone’s ears like thunder! 
The Holy Tree warriors were so startled that their hearts nearly jumped out of their chests. 
Luna bitterly remarked, “Lord Tree Spirit, please don’t eat apples at a time like this. We’re on a mission, you know? We need to kill all those bad people.” 
“Oh, alright, Sister Luna…” 
The Tree Spirit waved its hand, and the apple turned to ash and dispersed. 
This scene was clearly observed by the One-Eyed Owl and her team, making them extremely wary. 
The Tree Spirit’s incarnation was an immensely powerful being. 
They had to seize the opportunity to focus their attacks and eliminate it in one swift strike. 
Lin Tian had instructed that if they faced the Tree Spirit, they must focus their fire. If they couldn’t kill it, they were to retreat immediately and wait for his support. 
At this moment, the One-Eyed Owl exchanged glances with her comrades. 
Now, while the enemy was off guard, was the perfect moment to strike! 
They all locked their targets on the Tree Spirit. 
Suddenly, Little Black gathered energy in its mouth and unleashed a jet-black flame like ghostly mist—a fire of annihilation! 
It could corrode everything! 
This flame fully inherited Lin Tian’s dark elemental power, but its body also possessed the abilities of a Crystal Dragon. 
Immediately afterward, the One-Eyed Owl charged toward the Tree Spirit, landing a heavy punch that sent it flying hundreds of meters to the plaza outside! 
Everything happened in the blink of an eye. 
No one had time to react! 
They only saw that the Tree Spirit had vanished, and the One-Eyed Owl was standing in front of them. 
Luna’s expression changed drastically, “You?! Prepare for battle! Kill her, One-Eyed Owl!” 
“Yes!” 
The Holy Tree warriors quickly drew their weapons. 
But suddenly, Osius and the others dropped down from the rafters, launching a surprise attack! 
They instantly killed one person and injured several others. 
Luna realized something was wrong, “It’s an ambush! Everyone retreat to outside the hall!” 
However, the One-Eyed Owl blocked the entrance, “Today, I’ll show you what it means to trap a dog in a closed door!” 
Luna and the others’ hearts pounded wildly, filled with tension. 
But suddenly, Luna seemed to calm down, “One-Eyed Owl, don’t be too arrogant. Look behind you!” 
Abruptly. 
The ground outside the hall erupted, and massive vines, each several meters thick, burst forth! 
They smashed down on the palace! 
“Boom!” 
A deafening sound echoed, and dust filled the sky! 
The once magnificent palace was reduced to ruins in the blink of an eye! 
Suspended in the plaza, the Tree Spirit glowed with a scorching white magical light, its eyes shining with the same white radiance, an awe-inspiring sight! 
Around it, a dozen thick vines writhed like tentacles, menacingly. 
The One-Eyed Owl and her group quickly retreated, shaken by the scene. 
Osius slapped his thigh, “Damn it, Tian’er won’t be mad, right? The palace just got demolished!” 
“Is this guy part of a demolition crew? He tore the place down in the blink of an eye! And what terrifying magical energy!” 
Grugia’s forehead was also slick with cold sweat. 
Even Little Black was taken aback, “How did she neutralize my flames?” 
Once hit by the flames of annihilation, they would only extinguish if the target was completely incinerated or turned to ash. 
Yet the Tree Spirit remained unscathed. 
The One-Eyed Owl dusted off her shoulder, “She didn’t neutralize it; she’s already died once. With the Tree Spirit’s power, it’ll be a while before she can reconstitute herself again.” 
“That’s right. Lord Tree Spirit is an embodiment of magic, not a physical entity.” 
Luna and the others stood beneath the Tree Spirit, speaking confidently. 
With such a powerful backer, how could they lose? How could they possibly lose? 
The One-Eyed Owl sneered, “Don’t get cocky. Killing you again won’t be that hard.” 
“Boom!!” 
The Tree Spirit immediately controlled a massive vine, several meters thick, and smashed it down on the One-Eyed Owl. 
“Big Sis!” 
The members of the Dragon Slayer Guild tensed up, deeply worried. 
Thankfully. 
The One-Eyed Owl caught the vine with both hands, managing to withstand the earth-shattering blow. 
The One-Eyed Owl forcefully flung the vine aside and leaped onto it, charging toward the Tree Spirit! 
Luna quickly issued an order, “Everyone, protect Lord Tree Spirit!” 
“Yes!” 
The group immediately began to intercept the attack. 
Little Black, no longer holding back, transformed into a massive dragon, its colossal form capable of restraining multiple vines at once. 
Luna and the others were terrified, “My god, what—what is this? A dragon? Wasn’t the dragon supposed to be in the Great Tomb?” 
They knew from intelligence reports that Lin Tian had allied with the dragon. 
But during their surprise attack, how could the dragon appear here without warning? 
There was only one possibility! 
Their plan had been leaked! 
“Don’t worry about that! With Lord Tree Spirit here, it’s only a matter of time before we kill them all!” Luna encouraged them. 
But in the next moment. 
She was sent flying by a powerful punch from the One-Eyed Owl! 
The Holy Tree branch spear she had been using to defend herself snapped in two on the spot. 
With her fists ablaze with scorching flames, the One-Eyed Owl continued her relentless pursuit, “Come on, let’s have some real fun!” 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 197: When the One-Eyed Owl Wields Weapons 
TL: Sungmin 
“Is she crazy?!” 
Luna endured the excruciating pain as she struggled to her feet, surprised by how quickly she had broken through the encirclement. 
Fortunately, the Holy Tree’s branch spear could reassemble and restore itself. 
She immediately swung it, “World-class Magic · Sea of Leaves!” 
“Whoosh!” 
As the spear sliced through the air, a fierce hurricane arose, conjuring a flurry of rustling leaves! 
But each leaf was as sharp as a blade! 
The One-Eyed Owl stood within this sea of blades, her entire body cut open, blood seeping from numerous wounds! 
It was a horrifying sight! 
“Big Sis!” 
Osius and the others were alarmed at the scene, shocked that their opponent could wield world-class magic! 
Among the Holy Tree Warriors, aside from Luna, none had reached level 100, and none could use world-class magic. 
The One-Eyed Owl spoke up, “Don’t come closer, I can handle this! It’s been so long since I last used this ability!” 
As she spoke, she removed her eyepatch. 
That eye, shimmering like a crystal, was not a prosthetic—it was her original eye! 
Under her long, captivating eyelashes, her eye glowed with the brilliance of a multicolored gem! 
“Magic · Crystal Skin!” 
“Crack, crack, crack…” 
Instantly. 
A powerful light burst from her eye, covering her body in a layer of crystal, making her appear as though she had transformed into crystal itself! 
This was the ability she had gained from her battle with the Crystal Dragon—a blessing in disguise. 
Her eye had been gouged out, but the Crystal Dragon’s blood on its claws, combined with the crystalline structure, caused a mutation. 
It had turned into a magic artifact. 
That’s right—the One-Eyed Owl’s left eye was now equivalent to a magical tool. 
With the Crystal Dragon’s super-strong defense. 
She could now move freely within the Sea of Leaves! 
She charged directly at Luna, aiming a brutal punch at her abdomen! 
“Ah!” 
In an instant. 
Luna felt like her intestines were about to explode, spitting out saliva as her eyes bulged! 
The perverse strength was simply on a different level! 
She quickly swung her spear again to counterattack. 
But the One-Eyed Owl grabbed the spear and snapped it in half, tossing it aside, “Hmph, I told you, close combat is more satisfying!” 
“Bang! Bang! Bang!” 
She landed several more punches on the spot. 
Her maniacal laughter echoed around them, chilling to the bone! 
Luna was beaten to the ground, curled up with sticky saliva dripping from her mouth, her pupils trembling violently! 
Clutching her abdomen, she was in unbearable pain! 
There was no trace of her former commanding presence, only a pitiful sight. 
“My stomach, you! You maniac! It hurts, it hurts so much!!!” 
Luna trembled as she spoke, touching her pants. 
They were soaked with blood! 
Her intestines and organs had been brutally ruptured, blood and flesh spilling out in a gruesome mess! 
“Luna!” 
Seeing this, the Tree Spirit anxiously called out, activating her ability, “Holy Tree Magic · Healing Flower Cage!” 
A magic circle formed beneath Luna. 
A massive yellow-white flower bloomed, encasing her and forcefully repelling the One-Eyed Owl. 
Immediately afterward, a huge vine descended! 
This time, it struck with full force! 
The One-Eyed Owl struggled to withstand the vine’s power, her legs trembling slightly, and the ground beneath her feet caved in, “Damn it, this seems to be the thickest vine?! It’s indeed heavy…” 
“Revenge for Luna!” 
“This is our chance, everyone ignore the others, take down the One-Eyed Owl!” 
“Kill her, and we can claim victory!” 
In an instant. 
Seven or eight Holy Tree Warriors turned and charged at the One-Eyed Owl! 
Osius and the others felt their hearts tighten, “Not good!” 
Everyone immediately followed suit. 
But the vine suddenly slammed down, blocking their path. 
A towering wall, dozens of meters high, appeared before them, impossible to scale. 
Breaking through was out of the question. 
This was the root system of the World Tree, spread across the world, not just any ordinary tree root. 
“Kill!” 
Immediately, the Holy Tree Warriors brandished their spears and viciously stabbed at the One-Eyed Owl. 
“Thwack!” 
Even with her extraordinarily delicate footwork avoiding most of the attacks, one spear still pierced through her ribcage. 
In that moment, the One-Eyed Owl roared like an enraged lioness, using all her strength to lift the vine! 
“What! Impossible! How much strength does this woman have!” 
The next second. 
The One-Eyed Owl forcefully yanked out the spear, snapping it and discarding it, “You all… are going to die!” 
Her terrifying aura, like a lion’s roar, intimidated everyone. 
They hesitated, too scared to advance. 
At this moment, Luna had almost fully recovered, the healing flower blooming, “The one who should die is you! Tree Spirit, you just need to hold off the others; we’ll focus on killing this woman first!” 
“Understood, Sister Luna!” 
Osius and the others found themselves blocked by four or five thick tree vines, making it impossible to get close. 
The walls these vines formed reached hundreds of meters high, and they were constantly moving. Any attempt to climb over resulted in being swatted away. 
The remaining vines were focused on restraining the Black Goblin. 
Meanwhile, the One-Eyed Owl had to face a formidable opponent with a battle strength of 12,000, along with seven or eight others with strengths over 9,000. 
“You lunatic! You seemed to enjoy yourself earlier, but don’t blame us now!” Luna commanded with a shout. 
All the Holy Tree Warriors focused their attacks on her! 
Even a great warrior couldn’t fend off so many attacks at once. 
Although the One-Eyed Owl could suppress one opponent, she couldn’t defend against attacks from behind. 
In just a few moments, her crystal armor shattered completely. 
Luna smiled in satisfaction, “Keep going! We’re close to finishing her off!” 
“Bang!” 
At that moment, the One-Eyed Owl landed a punch square on Luna’s face, knocking out several teeth. “You should worry about yourself first!” 
Luna was sent flying but wasn’t seriously harmed. “Hmph, where’s your strength now? Weren’t your punches much stronger earlier? Seems like you’re starting to lose your power!” 
The One-Eyed Owl didn’t respond. 
Indeed, she couldn’t fully concentrate on her punches anymore, having to hold back some strength to avoid overcommitting and leaving herself vulnerable to attacks. 
She had to balance offense and defense, which naturally weakened her attacks. 
“Bang! Bang! Bang!” 
Even so, the group of Holy Tree Warriors was left bruised and dizzy from her blows. 
Luna, enduring the pain, sneered, “How much longer can you keep this up? At this rate, you’ll be dead soon! Hmph!” 
Although they had taken some hits. 
They had also managed to wound the One-Eyed Owl—her thigh, abdomen, and back were all pierced with bleeding holes. 
“Is that so? Then I’ll just focus on killing one of you first!” 
The One-Eyed Owl suddenly accelerated, pouncing like a lion and pinning down one of the warriors, delivering several heavy punches to his head! 
Bones cracked as his face caved in! 
One more punch and his skull would have been completely crushed. 
“Thwack!” 
Unfortunately, three spears stabbed into her back, blood gushing out! 
Her flesh tore open, exposing the raw, gruesome wounds! 
The One-Eyed Owl, gritting her teeth through the pain, was about to finish off the man she had pinned, but in that brief moment, he managed to escape. 
“This woman is damn hard to kill! She’s lost so much blood already, why isn’t she dead yet?” 
“She’s a demigod descendant, of course she’s harder to kill, but it’s only a matter of time!” 
“Didn’t we say earlier? When the time comes, we’ll take our time, and have some real fun with that woman who’s always with the Goblin!” 
“Exactly, that’ll be our revenge for the Tree Spirit, right?” 
“Hahaha!” 
The Holy Tree Warriors sneered, their faces twisted with lecherous smiles. 
Even Luna added, “You all know the plan—when the time comes, show no mercy, and make sure to leave her barely alive!” 
The Tree Spirit had been violated by the goblin. 
She couldn’t swallow that humiliation. 
Now, having a chance for revenge was the best she could hope for. 
The One-Eyed Owl, breathing heavily, realized she had no way out, but she couldn’t help but laugh, “Hahaha! I never expected people from the Holy Tree Empire to be so despicable. Seems goblins aren’t so evil after all.” 
Before, she had always been a bit wary of Lin Tian. 
But now, it seemed like every race was the same. 
Her mind was suddenly at ease. 
She slowly reached toward her waist, taking out a pair of tenth-tier magical gauntlets. 
After putting them on, she flexed her fingers. 
They fit perfectly, her fists feeling even stronger. 
In that moment. 
Her battle strength, originally 12,000, surged to 15,000!! 
The difference between bare hands and weapons was stark. 
Luna scoffed, “Still thinking of resisting? Why not just lie down and enjoy yourself before you die.” 
“Is that so…” 
The One-Eyed Owl’s headband snapped, her long hair cascading down. 
Her aura exploded! 
With her hair loose, she looked even more like a mighty lion! 
Immediately. 
One of the Holy Tree Warriors charged at her, ready to deliver a killing blow, “Ultimate Combat Skill · Death Thrust!” 
The spear in his hand shot forward like a venomous snake! 
The One-Eyed Owl stood still, aiming her fist at the spearhead! 
“Crack!” 
The spear shattered from the tip to the hilt, turning into dust! 
“Bang!” 
Her fist grazed the warrior’s face. 
Luna and the others’ expressions changed. They didn’t know what had happened, but the man suddenly stood motionless, as if turned to stone. 
From a different angle, they saw it. 
They were horrified to the point of breathlessness! 
Half of his face had been pulverized, along with part of his skull! 
He collapsed to the ground, blood gushing from the gaping hole in his face. His legs twitched a few times, then he died on the spot. 
The One-Eyed Owl, feeling the unparalleled impact of her blows, grew even more excited! 
Before, she would never have dared to clash with someone else’s weapon barehanded! 
This sensation of piercing through and killing with a single strike was almost intoxicating. 
“This feeling! This is exactly what I wanted! It feels amazing! Lin Tian, I love you so much! I never imagined using gauntlets would feel like this!!! Hahaha!” 
Standing over the corpse, the One-Eyed Owl burst into maniacal laughter. 
Her laughter struck fear into Luna and her comrades, making their hearts race. Killing someone and laughing so madly about it—she seemed completely unhinged! 
She was more like a crazed addict in the throes of a high! 
Luna grew cautious, “Everyone, attack together! No mercy, aim for her weak points!” 
With that command, she swung her spear again, now able to use her magic, “Sea of Leaves!!” 
This time, the leaves were even more numerous and fierce! 
The range was wider. 
And it wouldn’t harm the Holy Tree Warriors, shredding everything else inside to pieces! 
But the One-Eyed Owl ignored the wounds the leaves inflicted on her skin. 
She charged straight at them! 
“Bang!” 
In an instant, blood splattered through the sea of leaves! 
With one punch, she exploded someone’s head! 
The copious blood sprayed out, swirling through the leaves like a crimson sea! 
At that moment. 
Another spear thrust at her. 
The One-Eyed Owl didn’t bother dodging; she simply crushed the spearhead with her hand, then countered with an uppercut aimed at the man’s groin! 
“Crack!” 
A brutal blow! 
“Ahhhh! Help me, Tree Spirit!!! It hurts so much!!!” 
The Holy Tree Warrior instantly lost all will to fight, collapsing to the ground, clutching his now-mangled groin, eyes bulging in agony! 
In desperation, he stabbed the spear shaft into his own head, committing suicide on the spot! 
It’s said that the pain of such a blow is equivalent to breaking several thousand ribs at once, or giving birth to 160 children simultaneously! 
Living would be a thousand times more painful than death. 
The One-Eyed Owl, grinning, was drenched in blood but seemed utterly unfazed by the pain! 
Whoever she struck was torn apart! 
“Come on! Come on!” 
Before long, all the Holy Tree Warriors lay dead, yet the One-Eyed Owl still wasn’t satisfied! 
Her black iron gauntlets were now stained a deep red, as was she. 
On the ground. 
Several mutilated corpses lay scattered. 
Some had their ribcages burst open from the chest, with bones protruding through their backs. 
Others were missing entire halves of their bodies. 
And a few had their heads crushed by a single punch—surviving such a blow was impossible. 
Luna stood trembling behind her, “You—you demon! Madwoman! Aren’t you afraid of pain?!” 
The ground was scarred with deep, ten-centimeter gouges. 
Yet the One-Eyed Owl stood tall, protected by the blood of the Holy Tree Warriors, which made the leaves’ attacks ineffective. 
If she had focused on defense from the beginning instead of fighting, she might have already died in the Sea of Leaves. 
Luckily, the blood from the man whose head exploded had spread throughout the Sea of Leaves. 
“Pain? What’s that? I’m having the time of my life right now!!!” 
With that, the One-Eyed Owl lunged at Luna, aiming another punch at her abdomen! 
“Ah!” 
In an instant. 
Luna dropped to her knees in agony, just like before, vomiting clear fluid, her eyes nearly popping out of her head! 
Earlier, she had been struck several times. 
This time, a single punch had turned her abdomen into a bloody mess! She couldn’t even muster a counterattack! 
Her internal organs were completely mangled! 
The fact that she hadn’t passed out from the pain was a testament to her strong will. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 198: A Demon King-Level Summon! 
TL: Sungmin 
At this moment. 
Osius, Grugia, and the others finally found an opportunity to climb over. 
“Big Sis!” 
They had been quite worried, but when they looked around, the scene before them was nothing like they had imagined. 
The ground was littered with gruesome corpses. 
And Luna lay on the ground, groaning in pain. 
The One-Eyed Owl suddenly turned her gaze toward them, her eyes in the dark—one glowing with a colorful light, the other as crimson as a wild beast’s! 
It was terrifying! 
The members of the Dragon Slayer Guild were so frightened that their hair stood on end! They quickly backed away, “Big Sis, don’t be impulsive, it’s us!” 
“Yes, it’s your own people!” 
“What happened here? Everyone’s dead?! When did Big Sis become this powerful?” 
Although they always thought the One-Eyed Owl was strong, this was a group of Holy Tree Warriors. 
For her to have wiped them all out in such a short time was truly unexpected. 
Osius suddenly noticed something, “Look, Big Sis is wearing weaponized gauntlets. She finally decided to use weapons.” 
The others suddenly understood. 
The One-Eyed Owl had almost lost control and attacked them earlier. 
She was extremely frustrated, “It wasn’t satisfying at all!” 
As she spoke, she took out the super recovery potion that Lin Tian had distributed to treat her injuries first. 
Otherwise, she would have lost too much blood. 
Thanks to the Serpentfolk responsible for brewing the potions, they had plenty in reserve. 
“Sister Luna!” 
At this moment, the Tree Spirit in the air finally noticed that everyone had died. It had been so focused on restraining the dragon that it hadn’t noticed. 
The corners of the One-Eyed Owl’s mouth curled up again, “I almost forgot, there’s still someone here who can let me have some fun.” 
The Tree Spirit ignored her. 
Instead, it activated its skill, “Holy Tree Magic: Universal Revival! Arise, warriors of the tree!” 
On the ground, a magic circle formed, and a large amount of green light began to shine. 
Through the roots of the World Tree, it started to reconstruct the bodies of the fallen Holy Tree Warriors! 
It was somewhat similar to what the Violet-Gold Dragon Mother had done before. 
Soon. 
They all stood up again. 
However, this greatly depleted the Tree Spirit’s power, and it could no longer maintain control over the vines, falling weakly to the ground. 
Luna quickly shielded it and moved it to the back to rest, “Lord Tree Spirit, thank you for your grace. We will complete the task and bring you back!” 
With that said. 
The Holy Tree Warriors began to move again! 
And their strength had become even greater. 
This time, the One-Eyed Owl couldn’t kill her opponents with a single punch and could only suppress three at most. 
But the remaining six or seven were still tough for the Dragon Slayer Guild to handle. 
Overall, the strength of these Holy Tree Warriors was now close to ten thousand! 
After just a few moves, Grugia was already seriously injured and had to activate Titanification to barely cope. 
Luna couldn’t help but gloat, “Weren’t you so tough before? Why does it seem like you’re struggling now?” 
“Hmph, I prefer a challenge, something that keeps me continuously entertained, not something that ends in just a few seconds!” The One-Eyed Owl replied. 
But it was clear that the members of the Dragon Slayer Guild were starting to feel overwhelmed. 
After all, the Tree Spirit had sacrificed all its magic power to resurrect and enhance them. 
Even though Osius was wielding a world-class magic tool, his proficiency was low, and it was just a sharp sword in his hands. 
He had no real sword skills to speak of. 
Sweat was pouring down his face, “Big Sis, we’re almost…” 
Suddenly, his words were cut off. 
They saw a familiar figure approaching from a distance—Lin Tian! 
“That guy isn’t dead? That’s great!” 
Grugia, covered in wounds and a bloody mess, reverted to his original form and retreated behind the others. 
On the plaza, Lin Tian quietly approached the weakened Tree Spirit. 
Sara followed behind him, her expression complicated. 
It was clear that the Tree Spirit was in serious danger this time, but since she needed Lin Tian to regain her status, she didn’t dare say anything. 
Lin Tian wore a wicked smile as he walked up behind the Tree Spirit, and using the system, he could see that her combat power was only a little over two thousand—extremely weak. 
He grabbed her by the neck and lifted her up. 
“Kekekeke, everyone, stop right now!” 
His threatening voice echoed across the plaza. 
Luna and the others quickly looked over and were all dumbfounded, “A Goblin?! How could you still be alive? Princess Sara?! What… what’s going on?!” 
“Wait, why is Sara there?! This can’t be!” 
“Did Sara fail? No, why is she standing behind the Goblin?!” 
“This isn’t good; Lord Tree Spirit is in danger!” 
Facing this situation, Luna continued to question, “Princess Sara! Can you explain this?!” 
“Explain, huh…” 
“Buzz!” 
In the sky, clouds swirled, obscuring the moon! 
On the ground, several blue magic circles formed, accompanied by the sound of rushing water. 
“Ultimate Summoning Magic · King of the Nile!” 
Immediately, Sara activated her power, summoning a massive humanoid crocodile with a grotesque face and sharp teeth! 
It wielded a long fishbone bayonet. 
The beast’s oppressive aura flooded the area, making it hard to breathe! 
The One-Eyed Owl’s pupils contracted, and her instincts told her that fighting this creature would result in death. 
Luna’s expression was complicated, “You’ve even summoned a Demon King-level creature, Princess Sara, so why haven’t you attacked yet?” 
“Surrender immediately. I don’t want to fight you all…” 
Sara said heavily, unable to offer any further explanation. 
Upon hearing this. 
The Holy Tree Warriors were all stunned, “What?!” 
Luna’s heart trembled with disbelief, “Impossible, Princess Sara! Are you betraying us, betraying the Troy Empire?! How could you possibly side with the Goblins? This… this can’t be happening!” 
Given the nature of the Trojans. 
Even in death, they would never surrender or betray their people! 
Especially someone of princess rank! 
“What happened? How did the Goblin manage to win over the honorable Princess Sara?! Why?!” 
Luna and her comrades were already in despair. 
With Sara aiding the Goblins, they had no chance of victory. 
Lin Tian continued his threat, “It seems you won’t surrender? Then I’ll just kill her first…” 
“Wait! If we surrender, will you spare Lord Tree Spirit?” Luna hurriedly asked, her face full of worry. 
The Tree Spirit’s expression was one of intense pain, as it had no strength left to resist while being strangled. 
Lin Tian narrowed his eyes, “Sure, but you all must cripple your own powers—essentially, commit suicide.” 
“What?! Is that even considered surrender?” 
“Goblin, you’ve certainly won, and your methods are beyond our expectations, but isn’t this too much?” 
“If you dare harm the Tree Spirit, the Holy Tree Empire will never let you go!” 
Luna added, “Let’s end this now. From now on, our two nations will never interfere with each other, alright?” 
“Are you trying to negotiate with me? Or are you threatening me? When I walked out of that filthy, vengeful lowly tribe, I grew up with threats! That doesn’t work on me!” Lin Tian said coldly. 
His resolute tone left the Holy Tree Warriors at a loss. 
Immediately. 
Two warriors stepped forward, “Fine, if we end our lives, we hope you’ll spare Lord Tree Spirit. She is, after all, the embodiment of the Holy Tree that protects all life…” 
“Alright, but you all must end your lives.” 
Lin Tian’s lips curled into a contemptuous smile. 
Luna gritted her teeth and stepped forward, then looked at the others, “What are you all waiting for? We’ve already betrayed Lord Tree Spirit before. Now, to revive you, Lord Tree Spirit has sacrificed all her power. Your lives and everything else were given by her, so isn’t it right to give them back?” 
At this moment. 
Even the self-serving Holy Tree Warriors who craved glory and status were moved. 
“Indeed, I owe Lord Tree Spirit too much; today, I will repay it!” 
“Commander, I apologize for what happened that day!” 
“Death is death. After all, we’ve already died once. As long as Lord Tree Spirit can survive…” 
And so, 
All the Holy Tree Warriors chose to end their lives. 
But Luna’s expression hardened as she questioned, “How can I trust you? What if we choose to end our lives and you still don’t spare Lord Tree Spirit?” 
“Hmph, do you think you have any other options? Besides, I’m the leader of a nation; my word is my bond.” Lin Tian said seriously. 
Seeing this. 
Luna and the others had no other choice. 
They each took their Holy Tree spears and aimed them at their hearts. 
Nearby, Osius and Grugia couldn’t help but whisper to each other, “So naive. They don’t understand how sinister people can be, or just how devious Lin Tian really is!” 
“Yeah, they could at least try to resist. If they gave it their all, at least one person might be able to escape.” 
Gripping the spear shafts. 
The hands of the Holy Tree Warriors trembled! 
They were desperately gulping down air, but it felt like they weren’t taking in any oxygen at all. 
This was the suffocating feeling of despair and fear. 
Puchi! 
Suddenly, Luna made the first move. The spear pierced through her body, emerging from her back with a trace of blood on its tip. 
Her face twisted in pain as she collapsed to the ground, her mouth open, trying to say something, but no words came out. 
This kind of sharp weapon piercing the heart would take a while to kill her. 
The best method would have been to pierce through the skull. 
With great difficulty, Luna raised her head and looked at Lin Tian, “Quick… quickly release Lord Tree Spirit.” 
Seeing that they had all fallen. 
Lin Tian let out a cold laugh. Osius and the others didn’t need to think to know that this was the moment when people would learn just how cruel the world could be. 
However, Lin Tian actually reached out and lowered the Tree Spirit. 
“Huh? Brother Tian, what’s going on? Is this really you?” 
At this moment, both Osius and Grugia were stunned. 
He actually kept his promise?! 
Seeing this, Luna and the others finally felt relieved, their bodies writhing in pain as they awaited death. 
After an unknown amount of time, Luna, drifting in and out of consciousness from the pain, glanced forward. 
And that single glance nearly made her leap to her feet in shock! 
Lin Tian was furiously devouring the Tree Spirit’s head. 
Because the Tree Spirit’s body was formed from magic, even though half of its head had been devoured, it continued to move, struggling incessantly. 
It was in unbearable pain! 
“You! Stop this at once! Damn Goblin, don’t do this! Didn’t you promise to spare the Tree Spirit…?” 
Before Luna could finish her sentence, she coughed up several mouthfuls of blood. 
Her consciousness began to blur. 
Lin Tian sneered, “Didn’t I just let her go? She got caught again—how careless of her.” 
Upon hearing this. 
Rage and helplessness filled their hearts! 
“You beast, Goblin! Even as a ghost, I won’t let you off!” 
“Stop it! Stop it!” 
“Aaah!” 
In the midst of pain and despair, all the Holy Tree Warriors died. 
Lin Tian continued to devour the Tree Spirit, noting through the system that she was a member of the ‘Divine Race.’ 
Although he wasn’t sure if she could be considered a true god, eating her was certainly better than letting her go. 
After all, she was at least a demigod. 
If he devoured ten more, he could evolve. 
Sara, standing nearby, couldn’t help but feel a sense of dread. This goblin was too terrifying. She had thought she could crush him, but every step, every move, had been under his control. 
There was no way to beat him! 
Now, all she could do was obediently follow orders, hoping to regain her honor someday. 
“Ding, congratulations on obtaining a new title! Path of Evolution (1): Devourer of Gods!” 
Oh? 
Lin Tian quickly checked. It seemed that he could indeed evolve by devouring gods. 
This was amazing! He had thought Joan of Arc would be the first, but here he had gotten one for free! 
“Boom!” 
At that moment. 
In the distance, over the residential area, a massive fire dragon soared into the sky, covering the heavens! 
Everyone quickly turned to look—it was the Flame Dragon Mother. 
The One-Eyed Owl, unable to contain her excitement, exclaimed, “I almost forgot that the battle over there isn’t over yet! I’m starving for more!” 
With that, she rushed toward the scene. 
Lin Tian looked at Sara, “Over there, those should be your people, right? You know what you need to do, don’t you?” 
“Understood, Your Majesty Goblin…” 
Sara’s expression was complex. 
These Trojan heroes were her loyal subordinates. 
But if they found out what had happened between her and the Goblin, they would undoubtedly kill her for tarnishing Troy’s honor. 
She had to take them out. 
She then followed the others, heading toward the battle. 
At this moment, Alice and Gobu Kuang were engaged in a fierce fight against ten Trojan heroes! 
These warriors possessed unimaginable strength. 
With the power of heroes, they not only ignored control effects but also suppressed the strength of their opponents. 
The key factor was the tenfold suppression! 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 199: Dungeon Crisis, Veronica Unleashes Danger! 
TL: Sungmin 
“I’m coming!!” 
In the sky, the Flame Dragon Mother’s thunderous voice echoed. 
Alice responded with a hum, “Come on, Lady Sylph, are you ready?” 
“No problem!” 
“Wind Elemental Magic · Voice of the Wilderness!” 
Immediately, Sylph appeared mid-air, directly facing the Flame Dragon Mother from above. 
As the flames erupted everywhere, they were carried by the fierce winds, growing even more intense! 
The flames directly targeted the numerous Trojan heroes! 
There was no escape! 
“Boom! Boom! Boom!” 
The impact of the flames toppled and reduced vast areas of the surrounding buildings to ashes! 
An area spanning thousands of meters around the entire palace was razed to the ground! 
The scene was grand and extremely shocking! 
Gobu Kuang and the others were dumbfounded. “Oh my God, can you even play like this?” 
However, a mere fire elemental attack could not kill the Trojans, whose power was boosted tenfold by their hero abilities. 
They endured the flames and gales head-on. 
They stood firm in place! 
The Flame Dragon Mother, having exhausted her fire breath, was incredulous. “These guys, are they even human?” 
“Of course we are! We are the only humans who can rival demigods!” 
“Stop resisting, surrender now. Struggling will only add to your suffering!” 
“For the glory of Troy, I will take your heads!” 
A group of them declared confidently and arrogantly. 
Then they began to stride forward quickly, charging toward the others. 
Alice, supported by Sylph, could easily suppress a few of them, but Gobu Kuang and the others were struggling. 
They had severely underestimated the strength of these enemies. 
Fighting against a single layer of hero enhancement was manageable, but they hadn’t expected the enhancements to stack tenfold! 
Gobu Kuang’s Royal Domain couldn’t even unfold before being suppressed and dissipated by the hero’s power. “Damn it, these bastards, how can they be so damn tricky!” 
“What should we do? Should I go find His Majesty the Goblin?” Fiona asked anxiously, not daring to rush forward. 
This group fought with extremely vicious methods and coordinated seamlessly. 
There was simply no opening. 
Alice spoke up, “No need. Gobu Jian has already gone to bring reinforcements. With a hundred thousand goblins joining us, we can take them all down.” 
No matter how strong they were, they couldn’t withstand endless waves of soldiers. 
Skills could attack large areas, but how many times could they be used? 
If they used their skills first, it would mean they couldn’t counter the opponents anymore. 
“You probably won’t live to see that moment!” 
The Trojans began attacking frantically, aiming to eliminate Alice first. 
Suddenly! 
A beastly roar rang out, shaking everyone to their core! 
On the beam, a humanoid crocodile over five meters tall, the ‘King of the Nile,’ was rapidly approaching! 
Despite its massive size, it moved with the agility of a feline! 
It quickly reached the group, positioning itself between both sides. 
Upon seeing this, the Trojans were even more delighted. “Princess Sara succeeded!” 
They all recognized this demon king-level summoned creature, Sara’s strongest trump card. 
“Of course, she succeeded! Now, you have no chance to resist.” 
Facing such a powerful monster’s overwhelming presence. 
Gobu Kuang and the others swallowed nervously. Though they felt a bit scared, they were even more worried. “Impossible, how could the Boss fail?!” 
“He… could it be…” 
Alice’s expression faltered. Even though Lin Tian had been victorious countless times before, the pressure brought by this monster was too overwhelming! 
There was no hope of victory in sight. 
Even the Flame Dragon Mother was somewhat intimidated. No matter how strong she was, her power barely exceeded ten thousand. The Fire Elemental Dragon’s potential wasn’t very high. 
Unless it was a fully matured Crystal Dragon, Dark Elemental Dragon, Light Elemental Dragon, or Composite Elemental Dragon. 
The Ancient Dragon Clan wasn’t just the Flame Dragon Mother’s lineage. 
They existed in other places too. 
Her kin were mostly ordinary elemental dragons. 
Light and Dark Elementals were rare, almost non-existent. 
“Boss, the Boss couldn’t have failed!” 
At this moment, Gobu Kuang’s expression turned wild, and he shouted in denial. 
“Damn it, Gobu Kuang, Gobu Shan, let’s go all out!” 
Gobu Tian was trembling all over, gripping a Void Dagger, his killing intent surging! 
Gobu Shan, wielding Athena’s spear and shield, had already resigned himself to die. “If the Boss really got into trouble, I won’t live either!” 
“Don’t be reckless! The Messenger might still…” 
Alice was in the middle of speaking when she heard Lin Tian’s voice from behind. “What the hell are you three cursing about? I’m not so easy to kill.” 
In an instant. 
Everyone breathed a sigh of relief! 
Gobu Kuang and the other two were overjoyed. “Boss, you scared us to death! With such a powerful monster, we thought you were done for!” 
“Kekeke, powerful? Some things aren’t dealt with by strength alone.” Lin Tian chuckled coldly. 
“What?!” 
The most shocked of all were the Trojans. 
In utter disbelief, they exclaimed, “Princess Sara has already summoned that monster, and it didn’t kill this goblin? Impossible!!” 
In the distance, Sara’s figure appeared in their sight. 
Alice, Gobu Kuang, and the others immediately grew serious. “Boss, that woman is here!” 
“Your Highness!” 
The Trojan heroes were also somewhat excited, quickly gathering around her. 
Sara, with a grim expression, didn’t look at them or say a word. 
The group, still excited, began speaking eagerly, “Your Highness, we’re about to wipe them all out in one go!” 
“Victory is in sight! The glory of Troy belongs to us!” 
“These guys aren’t that strong. With you here, it’s an overwhelming victory! We wouldn’t have needed to resort to a sneak attack if we had known!” 
But just as they were getting carried away with their words— 
“Slash!” 
Suddenly, a massive bone spike blade, over seven meters long, came crashing down, instantly turning one of the Trojans into minced meat! 
The Crocodile Demon King opened its bloody maw, and with its powerful bite, it immediately took down another! 
And it bit with incredible speed! 
Three bites in a second! 
Three people were killed on the spot, just like that, without knowing what hit them! 
The remaining Trojan heroes were terrified and scrambled to flee. “Your Highness, what’s going on with your King of the Nile?! Why is it attacking us?!” 
“Because I ordered it to attack you. Go on, leave none alive,” Sara said coldly. 
As soon as her words fell, the Crocodile Demon King went berserk, hunting down every Trojan! 
This scene left everyone stunned! 
“Boss, am I dreaming? Why is that woman ordering the crocodile to attack her own people?!!” Gobu Kuang scratched his head, utterly incredulous. 
Lin Tian chuckled coldly, “Of course, it’s because your boss has already turned her into my slave.” 
“What the hell! That’s amazing!” 
“Brother Tian, is it true? That such a powerful and beautiful woman is your slave!!” 
“Long live the Boss! Hahaha!” 
The crowd cheered. 
But the Trojans were screaming in despair! 
They fled frantically, only to meet their end in pain and hopelessness! 
“Your Highness! Why?! Why are you killing us?!” 
“No way, Your Highness, you’re a Goblin’s slave?! Since when?!” 
“Help! Someone save me!” 
“A Goblin’s slave?! Princess, you treacherous woman! The kingdom won’t forgive you, argh!” 
As the last one’s screams faded, they all died under the terrifying bite force of the Crocodile Demon King. 
Its greatest strength was its jaws; even a ten-thousand-strength opponent could be severely injured on the spot. 
Since it couldn’t perform a ‘death roll’ unless its opponent was large enough, it would instead snap its prey’s neck in one bite. 
Instantly killing an opponent with a battle power of ten thousand wasn’t an exaggeration. 
As he looked at the corpses of the Trojan heroes scattered around, Lin Tian unceremoniously began devouring them. 
Ding, congratulations on acquiring ‘Hero’s Power’! 
He had only devoured one person and had already obtained this skill. 
A skill powerful enough to rival demigods! 
Lin Tian quickly instructed, “Gobu Kuang, you three hurry up and devour them too, see if you can gain Hero’s Power.” 
“Got it!” 
In no time, all three of them had acquired the skill. 
Unfortunately, the others present didn’t have the Gene Devour ability. 
The rest had to be left to Lin Tian, who absorbed them all as experience, just like the Holy Tree warriors he had devoured earlier. 
Level 104! 
Just a bit more to go. 
“What about those guys from the Giant Elephant Empire?” Lin Tian squinted, surveying the surroundings. 
Alice shook her head, “We haven’t seen anyone else; only these guys invaded.” 
“I saw them! A group of them already fled in that direction.” 
At that moment, the Flame Dragon Mother, having reverted to her humanoid form, landed and pointed to the west. 
The dungeon?! 
Lin Tian’s brow furrowed, and he thought to himself, This is bad! The dungeon! Let’s go, quickly! 
If that old monster Veronica were released, it would be a significant problem! 
Though her battle power was just over ten thousand, she could summon powerful aberrant creatures at any cost, leading to an aberrant invasion of this world. 
In the past, Lin Tian wouldn’t have cared about such things; an invasion wouldn’t have affected him. 
But now, after painstakingly accumulating so much wealth, resources, and soldiers, losing them would be a bitter pill to swallow. 
Hearing this, the group immediately rushed toward the dungeon, wasting no time! 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 200: Heretical Summoning · Night Demon! 
TL: Sungmin 
“This is insane! Why did Sara betray us!? How did the Holy Tree Empire fall so quickly? Even the Tree Spirit is dead!” 
In the dimly lit dungeon corridor, Zolt and the others from the Giant Elephant Empire were frantically running and hiding. 
Each of their faces was filled with indescribable shock! 
They had planned to hide and launch a sneak attack, but now, revealing themselves meant certain death. 
Sara had even killed her own people, so they had no chance of survival. 
Their only hope was to escape this terrifying place! 
“Teacher, from the very beginning, we were already under their control!” 
“What should we do? If we stay here, we’ll be discovered sooner or later!” 
“How could we, the elite of the empire, be chased like this by a bunch of goblins!? Goblins! Aren’t goblins supposed to be synonymous with weak and worthless creatures?” 
The group of puppet masters was trembling all over, at a complete loss. 
Their expressions were worse than if they had eaten excrement, full of terror. 
They had thought this was just a beginner-level dungeon, but it turned out to be worse than a hell-level dungeon! 
Even Zolt felt aggrieved and helpless. “Even Sara betrayed us. We’ve been the prey from the start. Let’s hide and pray we can escape…” 
Suddenly. 
Zolt’s expression changed slightly. “Wait, there’s a powerful magical aura up ahead!” 
The group quickly moved forward. 
The closer they got, the clearer Veronica’s aura became. 
They saw two goblins standing guard outside a door because Gobu Jian, who had heard the commotion earlier, had gone out to help gather soldiers. 
Only the two were left. 
Zolt was overjoyed. “There’s a chance! Something powerful must be imprisoned in there. If we release it, we might have a chance to escape!” 
He then pulled out a Winnie the Pooh doll. 
Casting puppet magic. 
“Roar!” 
What had been a cute Winnie the Pooh instantly transformed into a menacing giant bear, its fur bristling as it roared ferociously! 
At over three meters tall, it almost touched the ceiling. 
It charged at the goblins guarding the door. 
With just a few swipes, it tore them apart on the spot! 
Even though it was a hastily made puppet, it had the strength of six to seven thousand. 
“See? Goblins are actually very weak. It’s just that Goblin King who’s terrifyingly strange!” Zolt said in a heavy tone. 
He hurried into the cell. 
There, he saw Veronica looking completely bewildered. “Who are you? Has the Goblin Empire fallen?” 
She was a bit excited but also very wary. 
After all, Lin Tian had previously provoked the Saintess Joan of Arc. 
If it was Joan’s army that had overthrown the Goblin Empire, she wouldn’t have a good ending either. 
But if it was another empire, she might have a chance to escape. 
“No, we’re from the Giant Elephant Empire. I recognize you. You’re Veronica, the Demon King of the Great Tomb, an undead!?” Zolt said in surprise. 
Veronica breathed a sigh of relief. “I see. Why are you here?” 
Immediately. 
Zolt picked up the Sealing Sword on the ground and questioned, “I can give you freedom, but you need to hold off the goblins’ attack for us. What do you say, deal?” 
Upon hearing this. 
Veronica’s expression became complicated. Clearly, these people were only driven to desperation by Lin Tian. 
She was very disappointed. 
But perhaps this was also an opportunity. 
She then agreed, “No problem. I hate those goblins to the core! Release me. I can’t wait to get my revenge!” 
“Good!” 
This was exactly what Zolt wanted to hear. 
He swung the sword to cut the chains. 
“My magic is depleted. You need to transfer some to me.” 
Veronica’s eyes were cold as she gave the order. 
At this point, Zolt and the others had no use for their magic, so they all transferred it to Veronica. 
Since she was a summoner with a high magic capacity, she directly drained their magic to the last drop. 
Feeling this newfound strength! 
For a moment, Veronica did think about resisting and taking revenge. 
However, Rebecca had already sided with Lin Tian. 
Moreover, Lin Tian had grown at a pace that she couldn’t even hope to match. Resisting would only prolong the inevitable for a short time. 
The best option was still to present a “proof of loyalty.” 
“Hurry, summon a heretical creature to cover our escape!” Zolt urged impatiently. 
They were betting everything on her. 
Veronica glanced at these people and raised her hand to stop them. “It’s coming…” 
Around the corner of the dungeon. 
Lin Tian and his group suddenly appeared, their killing intent surging like a flood! 
Zolt and his companions felt their hearts almost stop as they screamed hysterically, “Quick! Summon it now!!! There’s no time!” 
“Damn it!” 
Not far away, Lin Tian and his companions’ expressions changed slightly. 
Even Alice was particularly apprehensive, knowing that the strange nature of heretical creatures could be far more terrifying than imagined. 
These entities couldn’t be looked at directly, as their abilities were bizarre and unheard of. 
“Buzz!” 
At that moment, Veronica began chanting, and five black magic circles spread out from her as the center! 
A powerful surge of magic radiated in all directions! 
The earth trembled with the force! 
“Heretical Summoning · Night Demon · Zakxiri!” 
Outside the dungeon, the once-bright moon seemed to dim, as the sky gathered dark clouds, plunging the world into darkness! 
The light from the magic circle shot into the sky! 
The spectacle was both grand and shocking! 
The next second, “Boom!” 
The entire dungeon exploded into ruins! 
A black fissure formed, spewing out massive amounts of pitch-black energy! 
Each wisp of this black energy screamed like the vengeful wails of wronged spirits! 
The black mist quickly gathered in the sky, forming a large, ominous flying entity! 
It hovered above the dungeon’s ruins, emitting eerie, mournful sounds like the wind whistling through a desolate valley. 
Everyone who heard the sound felt their skin crawl and a chill run down their spines! 
The One-Eyed Owl couldn’t help but cover her ears, “Is this some kind of nightmare? My heart is racing, and I feel panicked and terrified!” 
The members of the Dragon Slayer Guild, usually fearless, were now trembling in fear! 
Even Zolt and his group were paralyzed with fear, not knowing what to do. “No wonder it’s a heretical creature; this aura even surpasses that of the Demon King of the Nile!” 
“What is that thing? Goblin King, I’m afraid I can’t handle this…” 
Sara, after glancing at the massive black entity in the sky, found it hard to breathe. 
She could sense that the King of the Nile was trembling in fear! 
Even a demon king-level creature felt dread towards the entity above. 
Lin Tian also sensed the danger. Clearly, this was a powerful heretical creature that Veronica had summoned with all her might. 
It wasn’t within her control, an over-leveled summoning. 
Even though it could potentially backfire and escape her control, she had still summoned it. 
She was playing for high stakes… 
Fear was spreading throughout the entire city because of that black creature! 
Most people were asleep, their faces twisted in pain, drenched in cold sweat, trapped in nightmares! 
Those who were still awake were running home like madmen, “What the hell, is this Goblin City haunted?!” 
“What day is it? Has the gate to hell opened? Run!” 
“I’m out, someone save me!” 
Although they didn’t know exactly what was happening, everyone felt like they had seen a ghost. 
Even in the distant Sword Kingdom and Magic Kingdom, the Sons of the Evil God sensed the presence of a kindred spirit. 
However, since he was sealed and kept captive, with goblins bringing him humans to devour daily, he had no intention of going anywhere else. 
In the ruins of the dungeon, Zolt and his group forced themselves to suppress their fear, filled with excitement and exhilaration, “Hahaha! Great! Such a powerful and strange creature! I see it! Goblins! Sara! I see you’re afraid now!” 
“The fruits of victory will ultimately belong to our Giant Elephant Empire!” 
“Veronica, kill them all as a token of gratitude for us, how about that?” 
Each one grew more arrogant by the moment. 
Indeed, anyone with eyes could feel that the strange creature in the sky was strong! Strange and strong! 
Definitely not something easy to deal with. 
Sara’s expression was complicated. Even the King of the Nile was terrified; it seemed they were really going to lose. 
She hadn’t expected these people to take advantage of the situation! 
Lin Tian narrowed his eyes, deep in thought, not showing much panic or fear, as if everything was still under his control. 
The One-Eyed Owl couldn’t help but say, “Kid, are you still trying to act all mysterious? I can’t fight that thing, nor do I dare to. Shouldn’t we retreat?” 
“Brother Tian, this monster is too scary. Just looking at it makes me feel awful and gives me a headache. I can’t fight it! And you didn’t even mention that Veronica the Undead was locked up in your dungeon!” 
Osius, Grugia, and the others all gave up on the idea of fighting! 
Even the Flame Dragon Mother was ready to call for Little Black and prepare to transform and retreat. 
However, Gobu Kuang and the others still stood behind Lin Tian. “Boss, what should we do? If we’re going to fight, I’m not afraid of that thing!” 
Sometimes, courage and loyalty surpass fear! 
Lin Tian smiled lightly, “Don’t worry, follow my lead.” 
“Goblin King, do you think I’m free now?” 
At this moment, Veronica’s haughty voice echoed, her crimson eyes shining brightly in the darkness! 
Her eyes were far more piercing and terrifying than the red eyes of the goblins. 
Lin Tian sneered, “What if I said you’re not?” 
“Why?!” 
Veronica immediately asked in an angry tone. 
Lin Tian maintained his disdainful expression, “You should know very well, otherwise, you wouldn’t be asking if you’re truly free, would you, Demon King…” 
Hearing this, Veronica fell silent. 
This was a psychological battle! 
The ‘Night Demon’ she had summoned was incredibly powerful, so much so that Lin Tian’s entire force couldn’t defeat it. 
However, she could only control it for ten minutes at most. 
Controlling the Night Demon consumed magic at an incredibly fast rate. If Veronica hadn’t absorbed all of Zolt and the others’ magic earlier, she would have already run out. 
She had specifically summoned the Night Demon to engage in a psychological battle with Lin Tian. 
She wanted to show him that she was powerful, capable of overturning the situation if she wished. If Lin Tian was willing to lower his pride, they could both take a step back and resolve their conflict peacefully. 
In that case, she would send the Night Demon away. 
However, she could only wait for Lin Tian to take the initiative to seek peace and propose terms. 
Veronica knew that if she asked for it herself, it wouldn’t work. 
Her true intentions would be exposed. 
But Lin Tian had already seen through her plan. 
Thanks to the system, he could tell that the Night Demon’s combat power was around eighteen thousand, nearly double Veronica’s. 
Otherwise, he might have been bluffed. 
“Hurry, Veronica, what are you waiting for? Kill them already!” Zolt urged impatiently. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 201: I Give Up, Joan of Arc You Schemer! 
TL: Sungmin  
He turned his head. 
What he saw were a pair of glowing, sinister red eyes. 
Immediately, a sense of fear crept up on him.  
“You… you…” 
Before he could finish his sentence. 
Veronica controlled the Night Demon at once.  
“You’ve said enough…” 
“Mmph! Mmph!” 
Instantly, 
From the sky, the black aura surrounding the Night Demon morphed into numerous black wraiths! 
Their hollow eyes and mouths were extremely eerie. 
They reached out toward Zolt’s group, grasping at them! 
“No, don’t come closer! What are you doing!” 
“Veronica, you despicable, shameless fiend! You’ve lived for a thousand years as an undead, and you repay kindness with betrayal!” 
“Aaaaah! Help me, my soul… it’s being torn away…” 
As soon as the black wraiths swept through the air! 
The ten elite members of the Giant Elephant Empire under Zolt all turned into stiff, twisted corpses, collapsing onto the ground. 
Their eyes were hollow. 
Their souls had already become part of the Night Demon. 
They were annihilated, wiped out in an instant—strong warriors with a combat power of over 9,000, though their strength mainly came from controlling puppets. 
But, judging by how easily the Night Demon wiped out the Dragon Slayer Guild members, it didn’t make much of a difference. 
This was pure domination. 
Everyone witnessing the scene couldn’t help but take a few steps back. This method of killing was too bizarre! 
In such a short time, no one could comprehend what had just happened or think of any countermeasures. 
If they were attacked now, there were only two words left: “Wait to die!” 
However, a black rift unfolded in the sky once again, pulling the Night Demon back into it! 
It was clear that the Night Demon was still struggling, yearning to escape. 
Fortunately, it was finally dragged back, and everything returned to normal. 
“Your Goblin Majesty, go ahead and lock me up again. I know that fighting against you will lead to no future victory, even if I win now. My request is simple: I’ve dealt with them for you. Can you let Rebecca stay with me?” Veronica spoke as though she were a loyal subordinate. 
This maneuver. 
Everyone was left utterly stunned. 
Sara was utterly confused. “Why would she… clearly, the Night Demon she just summoned could have defeated everyone and ruled this kingdom…” 
“What the hell did you do to her! Did you break her brain or something?” the One-Eyed Owl couldn’t help but exclaim. 
Every face was filled with complete bewilderment! 
Gobu Kuang chuckled. “I knew Boss had a way to handle it!” 
“Ugh, you idiot. Boss didn’t even make a move,” Gobu Tian said helplessly. 
Lin Tian smiled lightly and replied, “Your request is reasonable. Gobu Jian? Make sure you do your job.” 
“Yes, Boss. It won’t happen again.” 
Gobu Jian had already gathered a large army of goblins, but it was completely unnecessary. 
He picked up the Magic-Sealing Sword and, suppressing his fear, walked up to Veronica and began absorbing the remaining magic power. 
No one expected her to be so terrified, given how often Lin Tian had toyed with her. 
They all thought she was a useless weakling by now! 
In just a few seconds, all her power was drained. 
It was clear her magic had already been depleted. 
Veronica’s expression was deeply complicated; she even considered praying to the gods! 
After all, she had lost the earlier gambit, and it was clear that Lin Tian wasn’t falling for her ploys. 
So, she abruptly changed her plan, killing Zolt’s group to show her loyalty, hoping to earn Lin Tian’s favor through this “offering.” 
“You’re wondering why I won’t give you a chance to free yourself, aren’t you? It seems, Demon King, that you’re slowly starting to try and please me.” Lin Tian spoke smugly. 
Veronica froze for a moment, then couldn’t help but ask, “Lin Tian, you’ve wronged me, so why are you still so guarded against me? Without me, would you have achieved what you have today?! I’ve already let go of past grudges, and I only wish for the simple life of freedom I crave. Is that too much of a threat to you?!” 
Hearing the despair and grievance in her voice. 
If she still had tear ducts, she would have been crying already. 
Lin Tian raised an eyebrow and corrected her, “First of all, you never did me any favors. When I first entered the Great Tomb, it was the Cannibal Eagle who looked after me. Later, when you gave me a position, it was only because you wanted me to fight against the Lionheart Empire as your cannon fodder.” 
“You…!” 
Veronica’s expression shifted slightly, surprised that Lin Tian had known this all along. 
“Besides, I don’t like people who can predict and scheme because they are dangerous—like you.” Lin Tian’s voice was cold. 
People like her were hard to deal with—just like him. 
So he knew exactly who should be kept around and who shouldn’t. 
Fiona simply wanted her people to survive. 
The One-Eyed Owl was just a battle-crazed maniac. 
Lia, Gobu Slayer, and Katheryn had long since become mere playthings. 
None of these people posed any real threat. 
And Gobu Kuang and the other three—no need to even mention them. 
Veronica was filled with despair and unwillingness, but she had no retort. Finally, she said, “I’ve already admitted that I’m not your match. Can’t you at least give me one chance, Your Goblin Majesty?” 
Lin Tian didn’t respond. 
He simply watched as Gobu Jian escorted Veronica back into the undestroyed depths of the dungeon. 
At that moment, Veronica was utterly filled with despair. 
But suddenly. 
Lin Tian’s voice rang out, “Let her go, Gobu Jian.” 
“Yes, Boss…” 
Gobu Jian followed orders decisively. 
Yet Veronica was stunned, in disbelief at the voice she had just heard!!! 
The despair that had weighed her down vanished completely. 
In its place was a renewed sense of vigor! 
She immediately snapped her head around. “You…” 
“I was just waiting for the moment when you’d finally lower yourself, and willingly submit at my feet. Besides, Rebecca is mine now too, so there’s no harm in letting you go.” Lin Tian shrugged as he spoke. 
He intentionally delayed his decision to release her, making Veronica regain hope from the depths of despair. 
This feeling would be etched in her memory, making her even more grateful. 
Without hesitation, Veronica dropped to her knees. “Your Majesty, I’ve lived for over a thousand years and seen countless strong beings, but you are the only one I truly acknowledge! Not only do you have the power to become a god, but your methods are also unbeatable!” 
“Hmph, is that so… Words are meaningless. I can let you and Rebecca live a simple life in the countryside, and I can ensure humans accept you. But when the time comes for you to die for me, you mustn’t hesitate. Because if it’s not you, then it’ll be Rebecca who dies…” 
Lin Tian’s tone suddenly turned sharp and cold. 
Veronica was incredibly excited. “Of course! Your Majesty, I will gladly die for you!!” 
“Come out, Rebecca. If you love me, stay with this woman for now. But if she ever tries to harm me, you’ll be the first to fight her—until you’re killed. Okay?” Lin Tian spoke in a tone full of deep emotion. 
Rebecca, who had been hiding, suddenly appeared.  
“My love, I’ll do anything you say!” 
She then turned to Veronica.  
“Let’s go.” 
“Alright!” 
Veronica was trembling all over, barely able to contain her excitement as she left the city with Rebecca. 
They headed toward the human-occupied regions. 
Alice, watching their backs, said solemnly, “Are we really letting them go like this? It’s clear from what just happened that Veronica is much stronger than we imagined.” 
“If she really wanted to flip the table, she wouldn’t have recalled the Night Demon just now.” Lin Tian replied. 
He didn’t care about losing Rebecca—what mattered most was Veronica’s potential to disrupt things. 
There would be great use for her later. 
He remembered her battle with the old Pope, when the Pope had summoned the archangel Gabriel. 
Gabriel had vowed to settle the score with these monsters. 
That wasn’t just an idle threat. 
That was a real angel! 
While angels weren’t gods, they were still on par with them in terms of power. 
If their army marched, even ten million goblins would just be fodder for leveling up. 
But the aberrant creatures Veronica summoned had the power to fight back. 
And if he could capture a few angels, well, that would be an incredible reward. 
Sacrificing one Rebecca wasn’t a big deal. 
Looking at the ruined palace, Lin Tian dismissed the damage. He had been planning to rebuild it for a while anyway. 
Lin Tian spoke indifferently, “I’m going to sleep. You all can do whatever you need to.” 
The chaos of the three kingdoms had come to an end. 
Sara was still in shock and disbelief. This goblin had far surpassed her imagination. 
He had surpassed anyone’s imagination. 
Like a little kitten, she hurried to follow closely behind him. 
“What are you doing? I’m going to sleep,” Lin Tian said, surprised. 
Sara bit her lip, her nervous, heated breath clearly audible in the quiet night. 
Then she spoke, “My king, there’s nowhere left to sleep here. Why not come to my place..?” 
“Oh? Sure,” Lin Tian smiled faintly, realizing her will was weaker than he had thought. 
But he couldn’t blame her. 
A goblin’s ability was designed to conquer all females. 
Otherwise, she wouldn’t have worried about showing her shameful side to the people of the Troy Empire. 
Even she was embarrassed by her behavior, a humiliation that cut deep. 
In the distance. 
Osius and Grugia grumbled, “Damn it, that guy’s going off with another beauty again. I’m so jealous I could die!” 
“I don’t get it. Can goblins really use that ability to conquer women just like that?” Osius asked, his face full of envy, jealousy, and resentment. 
Grugia scratched his head and suddenly had an epiphany. “Do you think Big Sis’s personality would change if she, uh, did it with him? Would she turn into a woman who never leaves his bed? Hehehe!” 
“Watch your mouth! You’re talking behind Big Sis’s back again!” Osius’s tone suddenly became strict. 
Seeing this, Grugia rolled his eyes. “You hypocrite! Stop pretending to be so righteous.” 
“You’re hopeless!” Osius sighed repeatedly before turning around and bowing respectfully. “Big Sis, I’ll leave this one for you to deal with!” 
“Alright, but I think you’re a problem too. If I’m going to deal with one, I might as well deal with both!” 
The One-Eyed Owl had somehow appeared behind them, fists already clenched for a fight. 
One punch landed, and he couldn’t withstand it at all! 
The pain distorted his face beyond recognition! 
Everyone else scattered, finding a place to rest for the time being. 
The task of rebuilding would certainly have to wait until Lin Tian gave further orders. 
… 
Twilight City. 
Now, it had been largely overtaken by goblins. 
A massive number of soldiers were breeding here. Once each batch of one hundred thousand was raised, they were sent to Goblin King City. 
However, not far away, a heavily armed army was advancing in grand formation! 
At the very front, riding a white horse, Joan of Arc donned silver armor and held the Sword of Faith high, shouting, “Liberate the humans of Twilight City who’ve been forced to serve as goblin breeding machines!!” 
… 
Demon Sealing Sword changed to Magic-Sealing Sword.  
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 202: Declare War? Let Me Give You a Grand Gift First! 
TL: Sungmin  
An army of millions surged toward Twilight City like a waterfall from the nine heavens! 
The standard-bearer raised the flag of the “Freedom” Empire high! 
Earthquake siege engines were brought to the city walls, emitting high-frequency vibrations. In an instant, the hundred-meter walls crumbled into ruins! 
Many goblin soldiers were buried alive before they even realized what was happening. 
“Quick, report to the boss in the main city!” 
“Damn it! There’s a huge enemy force at the magic array too!” 
“Crap, fight them with everything you’ve got!” 
The goblins had no way out now. One by one, they grabbed their weapons and began to fight back. 
In the sky above, numerous soldiers from the Freedom Empire descended holding giant dandelion seeds, destroying the magic array as they landed. 
Moreover, these soldiers were all mages, slowly descending while clutching the dandelion seeds. If there was wind, they could stay in the air even longer. 
They continuously cast magic, killing large numbers of goblins with overwhelming force. 
The goblins of Twilight City were completely slaughtered. 
A total of 1.7 million, including those who hadn’t even grown up, were all killed. 
Joan stood atop the palace, calmly kicking over the flag marked with a goblin head, and planted the flag of the Freedom Empire. 
She looked down at the humans who had just been liberated. “You are free! There will be no more oppression. I will lead you to victory, to happiness!” 
“Long live Lady Joan!”  
The residents cheered, kneeling in worship. 
Seeing this, Joan smiled with satisfaction. “Alright, no need to kneel. This is simply my duty. I will not tolerate seeing my people oppressed by monsters! If there are any, I will fight them to the death!” 
Upon hearing these words, the residents, including the Freedom soldiers, all raised their arms and shouted Joan’s name! 
Seeing how much they adored her, Joan couldn’t suppress the smile on her lips. 
The sunlight bathed her face. 
She felt utterly content. 
“Little girl, don’t be afraid anymore. You’re free now. I’ve liberated you from the monsters’ rule,” Joan said, noticing a dirty little girl not far away. She walked over slowly, wiping the tears from the girl’s face. 
The little girl, moved by the gesture, said, “Big sister, thank you! But I’m so hungry… I really, really want something to eat…” 
Joan gave her a sweet smile. “Hungry? General Brian, do you have any food on you?” 
“Food? I still have some bread,” said a middle-aged man in bronze armor. 
He pulled out a piece of bread. 
Watching the little girl wolf down the bread, Joan felt even more gratified. “This is what I want to see, what I want to do. Little stick girl, from now on, stay with big sister. I won’t let you suffer anymore.” 
“Mhm, mhm! Big sister is so kind!” The little girl said excitedly. 
General Brian chuckled. “If Lady Joan ever wanted to become king, you’d be the greatest king in history! You are the people’s faith, their god!” 
“I don’t want to be any so-called god, nor do I want to be king. It’s enough for everyone to live better lives,” Joan said indifferently, holding the little girl’s hand and preparing to liberate more humans. 
Behind her, the crowd erupted into applause and cheers! 
“Lady Joan, you are our god!” 
“When I prayed countless times, the gods did not appear, but Lady Joan did!” 
“I will follow you until death!” 
… 
Goblin King City. 
A goblin used the barely functioning small teleportation array to return to the city. 
Immediately, it went to find Lin Tian. 
But seeing the palace reduced to rubble, it was dumbstruck. “No way… Even the main city was… by humans…” 
“What are you doing?”  
Suddenly, a voice came from behind, questioning him. It was Gobu Kuang. 
The goblin hurriedly replied, “Lord Gobu Kuang?! I’m one of the goblins stationed at Twilight City. It was invaded by Joan, and Twilight City has fallen!” 
Upon hearing this, Gobu Kuang immediately rushed to the district to find Lin Tian. 
At this moment, Lin Tian was still entangled with Sara. 
When Sara had finally dropped her pretense and given in completely, she was like a ravenous wolf. 
She relentlessly attacked Lin Tian, and he had to admit, the so-called Trojan bloodline was truly resilient. 
It was the first time he had encountered a woman who took all his strength to handle. 
“Boss! Boss! Something’s happened!”  
Outside, Gobu Kuang’s voice sounded. 
Lin Tian was resting, drenched in sweat. Beside him, the exquisite and radiant Sara slept sweetly, covered by a thin, translucent blanket. 
One could vaguely see her rare, flawless curves. 
Now, she was utterly devoted to Lin Tian. 
She had even given him the golden divine ornaments she wore. 
Wearing it not only protected him from the suppression of heroic powers but also made him immune to attacks from any of her Trojan summons. 
He didn’t even need his “Lucky Steal” skill to take it from her. 
She had given it to him willingly and without hesitation. 
Afterward, Lin Tian opened the door. 
Gobu Kuang immediately rushed in and explained the situation in full detail, his face full of rage. “Boss, we put so much effort into that place, and Joan is utterly shameless! She had promised not to interfere with us anymore, but then she turned around and launched a sneak attack on Twilight City!” 
“That damned bitch! Were the teleportation arrays destroyed?” Lin Tian’s expression turned dark. 
Gobu Kuang paused for a moment, then replied, “It seems like there’s still a small one that works.” 
“Let’s go. I want to see what’s going on with her!” Lin Tian said, hastily. 
He was curious to hear how she would try to justify herself, what excuse she’d come up with for attacking him. 
Suddenly, Sara reached out and said, “Your Majesty, let me come as well. If we run into Joan, I can hold her off for a while.” 
“No problem,” Lin Tian replied, slightly surprised. He had nearly forgotten to invite her, and yet she was so proactive. 
They arrived at the palace’s high platform, where the small teleportation array was located. 
This was a specially constructed small teleportation point. The larger teleportation arrays had already been moved to the surrounding goblin soldier cities. 
In the distance, others were busy rebuilding the palace, and with the help of the dwarves, there was no need to worry about anything. 
Lin Tian decided not to call them over. “Gobu Kuang, you stay behind. It’ll just be me and Sara.” 
“Boss, be careful,” Gobu Kuang said softly. 
Then, he carefully activated the teleportation array. 
The next moment, they arrived at Twilight City. 
From afar, they could hear Joan passionately delivering a speech, holding the little girl’s hand. 
“From today onwards, as long as I live, I will never allow you to be oppressed by monsters again! The same goes for humanity! You will all be citizens of the Freedom Empire!” Joan declared fervently. 
Below her, the hundreds of thousands of liberated residents of Twilight City were moved to tears. 
The square was filled with a sea of people! 
It was a spectacular sight. 
Suddenly, a voice interrupted, “Your Majesty Joan, don’t you think this is going a bit too far?” 
The entire scene fell silent. 
Hundreds of thousands of eyes turned simultaneously to look in the direction of the voice. 
When they realized it was a goblin, their faces instantly filled with anger and hatred! 
“It’s a goblin! Your Majesty Joan, quick, kill him!” 
“Damn goblin! How dare you show your face here!” 
“Kill him!” 
The crowd roared with rage, their faces twisted with fury. 
Joan raised her hand to signal for silence, then looked at Lin Tian with a mocking smile. “Well, well, I didn’t expect you to still be alive, Your Goblin Majesty!” 
She had already learned from the Holy Tree Empire about the three major empires’ assassins infiltrating the goblin city. 
But when she suddenly spotted Sara, her expression changed to one of astonishment. “Wait, isn’t that the Trojan princess?!” 
“What, you recognize her?” Lin Tian replied coldly, patting Sara’s side. 
At this sight, Joan was stunned and deeply shocked. “It’s impossible! How could the Trojan princess be with you? Weren’t the Giant Elephant Empire, the Holy Tree Empire, and the other countries sending people to slaughter your kind?” 
Lin Tian sneered. “Ah, so that’s it. You thought I was dead and wanted to carve up my lands in my absence? Too bad for you—all of them are dead, except for Sara.” 
For the first time, Joan’s gaze toward Lin Tian changed. 
No longer casual, it was now filled with wariness. “This is indeed unexpected, but my attack on Twilight City wasn’t for that reason. Liberating these humans—what’s wrong with that?” 
“Wrong? You clearly said you wouldn’t interfere in the affairs of my Goblin Empire, didn’t you? Or do you lack even a shred of integrity?” Lin Tian replied with a mocking tone. “And yet you have the audacity to stand here, painting yourself as some kind of great figure in front of these people?” 
Hearing this, Joan immediately countered, “Goblin, you’ve got it all wrong! What I said was that I wouldn’t interfere unless you gave me a reason to. And these humans, whom you’ve forcibly enslaved, are that reason, aren’t they?” 
“That’s right, you damned goblin! You’ve used me as a breeding tool every day! I wish I could cut you into pieces!”  
“Your Majesty Joan, don’t waste words on him! Kill him!”  
“He’s infuriating, so shameless!” 
The residents, trembling with anger, clenched their teeth so hard they were about to shatter. 
Lin Tian looked at them with contempt. “Are you sure you want to oppose me? If you were merely tools, at least you had food to eat and could live. But once you stand against me, I promise that even if you beg for mercy on your knees, it won’t help…” 
“Enough! You’re next! I was just about to declare war on you!” Joan’s voice thundered, echoing like a storm. 
Lin Tian, unhurried, scoffed, “Fine, then… I accept your declaration of war. Sara, do it.” 
He had felt some trepidation earlier. 
But now that he had mastered Hero’s Power and had the full support of a pure-blooded Trojan princess like Sara, Joan no longer posed any real threat to him. 
There were too many ways to utterly defeat her. 
“Summon Magic · Trojan Meteor!” 
Instantly! 
In the sky above, massive magic arrays formed, blotting out the sun! 
Flames burst forth with blinding light! 
A terrifying heatwave rushed in, so scorching that even the air itself seemed unbearable, suffocating everyone nearby! 
“This grand gift is my declaration of war!”  
As Lin Tian finished speaking, he and Sara quickly retreated into the magic array, vanishing from Twilight City. 
In the square below, a massive meteor, a kilometer in diameter, was blazing as it plummeted toward the ground! 
The sheer pressure of its descent made everyone tremble uncontrollably, the sensation of death looming above them. 
The residents, terrified, scattered in all directions. 
They desperately tried to flee. 
But Joan knew full well that running was futile. There was no escape. 
A meteor of this size would unleash a shockwave capable of destroying everything within a ten-thousand-meter radius. 
No one could outrun it. 
“That bastard!” Joan cursed under her breath. Staring at the rapidly approaching meteor, she gritted her teeth. “Divine Domain!” 
In an instant, she activated her domain. 
Next, she poured all of her magic into the Sword of Faith, “World-Class Magic · Ultimate Holy Sword!” 
The king’s sword suddenly grew to several hundred meters in size, and she swung it toward the meteor in the sky! 
The massive golden sword clashed with the burning meteor, creating a stunning visual spectacle! 
Joan’s fierce shout echoed through the square! 
“Boom!” 
As the two forces collided, a blinding light erupted from the impact! 
Suddenly, the entire world seemed to fall silent. 
No, it wasn’t silence. 
It was the overwhelming sonic wave that left everyone deafened by the sheer force of the explosion! 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 203: Heading to the Holy Tree Empire, A Shocking Battle! 
TL: Sungmin  
Explosions echoed as the meteor was reduced to ashes beneath the Holy Sword. 
Joan of Arc, now completely exhausted, was drenched in sweat, panting heavily on one knee. 
“Your Majesty, are you alright?” General Brian rushed forward to inquire. 
Joan of Arc shook her head with difficulty. “I’m fine. What about everyone else? Has anyone been hurt by the meteor fragments?” 
“They’re all fine, fortunately. Everyone gathered together, so the fragments only destroyed the city’s buildings.” Brian quickly replied. 
Hearing this, Joan of Arc finally felt relieved, though her beautiful eyes were filled with rage. “You damned goblins! This won’t be the end of us!” 
“Take everyone back first. Once my divine power recovers, we’ll launch a crusade! We must destroy that monster empire and bring peace back to the world!” 
… 
“Boss, how is it?!” 
At the goblin king’s square, everyone gathered upon hearing the news, bombarding Lin Tian with questions. 
Lin Tian’s eyes glinted with cold fury. “Twilight City is gone. Next, we’ll kill that bitch Joan of Arc!” 
“What…!” 
Gobu Kuang and the others were equally furious. 
Twilight City had consumed a vast amount of time and money. 
Moreover, it could continuously supply soldiers. 
Now, everything was gone. 
Alice quickly asked, “Messenger, should I gather the army immediately?” 
“No, no need. Simply taking the Free Empire would be too easy for that bitch Joan of Arc. I want her to die in despair! Without shedding a single drop of blood, I’ll make her understand… a demigod isn’t a reason for arrogance. Before us, even gods must kneel in lowly submission!” 
Lin Tian narrowed his eyes, and his murderous intent seemed to spill out. 
This was the greatest setback he had faced since his transmigration! 
He could not tolerate such humiliation. A simple assault wouldn’t be enough to vent his anger. 
In the distance, the dwarves, led by Bill, were busy rebuilding the palace. 
Lin Tian said, “Alright, you all go help them. Sara, come with me on a trip.” 
“Boss, where are you off to again?” 
Gobu Yue couldn’t help but ask. 
During this period, her strength had increased significantly. 
She had reached nine thousand points, so she wanted to go along and help. 
Lin Tian thought for a moment. “We’re going to check out the Giant Elephant Empire and the Holy Tree Empire. Only Sara is familiar with those places.” 
They had previously framed both empires. 
He didn’t know if a war had broken out yet. If it had, they could send troops to pick up the pieces and take over both empires. 
That would sever the Free Empire’s connection to the outside world. 
Then, the next steps could be taken. 
Next, he would send the insect race’s locust army to ravage the Free Empire, devouring all their crops and food. 
When people are starving, they’ll do anything. 
At that time, faith and gods would mean nothing. As long as someone could give them a mouthful of food, they’d be willing to do anything. 
… 
Beyond the War Empire, the main empires were Troy, Giant Elephant, and Holy Tree. 
The Free Empire was slightly behind the Giant Elephant and Holy Tree empires. 
Further beyond that, spanning thousands of kilometers, lay an Uninhabited Zone, home to countless monsters—a region even more extensive and enchanted than the Great Tomb. 
Other empires were much farther away. After all, no one wanted to be near the Uninhabited Zone where monsters roamed unchecked. 
AN: (I’ll provide a world map someday, it’s a bit complex to explain.) 
TL: Basically, the current storyline is within a corner of a continent. The corner is separated by the uninhabited zone, separating the current setting (known as the wilderness) and the rest of the continent. 
Outside the Giant Elephant Empire. 
The army had long since gathered—a million elite soldiers and another million militiamen. 
While they didn’t have a vast number of soldiers, their ten thousand magical puppets could rival millions of cavalry! 
The largest puppet stood over a thousand meters tall! 
The sight was truly awe-inspiring! 
With every movement, the earth trembled. 
These puppets were mostly modeled after magical creatures. From a biological standpoint, humans were not suited for combat. 
The human brain was its true weapon. 
On the other hand, the claws and teeth of monsters were inherently designed for attack. 
And some unique magical creatures possessed even more powerful and varied methods of assault. 
The Giant Elephant King stood atop a thousand-meter-tall, three-headed dragon puppet. “The Holy Tree Empire has oppressed us repeatedly. Today is the day of our revenge! Let all the anger from these years be unleashed! We shall completely annihilate them!” 
“Annihilate them completely!!!” 
The soldiers shouted in unison, their voices deafening! 
For decades, the two neighboring empires had constantly been at odds. 
The Holy Tree Empire, relying on the protection of its Holy Tree, often acted recklessly and provoked the Giant Elephant Empire. 
After receiving word from Zolt, the Giant Elephant King and the entire nation were incensed. 
Unable to tolerate it any longer, they mobilized the full power of their country. 
Such an overwhelming force. 
It was breathtaking! 
However, far away in the Holy Tree Empire, preparations had long been made for a counterattack. 
All the soldiers across the nation had been called to the capital, ready to face the invaders at any moment. 
“Hmph, Giant Elephant King, I’d like to see what you have to fight us with! The Holy Tree has bloomed and borne fruit for the first time in a thousand years! It contains an even greater power! Even if you come with the full strength of your nation, none of you will return!” 
The Holy Tree King stood on the city walls, gazing at the distant horizon. 
Behind him towered the massive Holy Tree, reaching into the clouds. 
The petals had already withered, and clusters of black fruits hung densely, creating a shocking sight! 
In fact, it looked somewhat eerie, more like a demonic tree than a holy one. 
However, the people of the Holy Tree Empire viewed this phenomenon as a divine miracle. 
Within the city, two million elite soldiers were ready. 
Combined with the power of the Holy Tree, they were fully confident in their victory. 
Time passed quickly. 
Five days went by in a flash. 
On this day, the Holy Tree King still stood vigil on the city walls, staring at the horizon. 
Suddenly. 
A fallen leaf on the wall began to tremble. 
It was clearly on the ground, and there wasn’t the slightest breeze. 
This puzzled him. 
Suddenly, realization struck him. “They’re here! All soldiers, prepare for battle!” 
Sure enough. 
Soon, scouts arrived from beyond the horizon. “Your Majesty, the Giant Elephant Empire’s army has arrived!” 
As the rumbling grew louder, Lin Tian, standing on a clock tower behind the walls, also grew serious. “So, it’s finally starting. I wonder what the final outcome will be.” 
He had disguised himself as Andy, and since Sara rarely appeared in public, there was no concern about her being recognized by common people. 
“By the way, is this the Holy Tree? It doesn’t look much like the World Tree,” Lin Tian remarked, clearly surprised. 
Sara also found it strange. “I saw it once before, and it didn’t look like this. Now, the Holy Tree seems to have an aura of a monster…” 
“Is that so? Well, it doesn’t matter to us.” Lin Tian shrugged. 
On the distant horizon, shadows began to appear in rows! 
Some had vicious claws, others twisted, grotesque shapes. 
Using his sharp skills, Lin Tian could clearly make out the scene at a glance. “So, this is puppet magic? They’ve made so many monster puppets… a three-headed dragon, hellhounds, thunder bears, disaster lizards, iron rhinos…” 
Each magical creature was over a hundred meters tall, an absolutely breathtaking sight! 
Approaching with the rising sun, their presence was overwhelming! 
However, as long as the Holy Tree stood, the people of the Holy Tree Empire feared nothing. 
They had endured countless attacks. 
Not once had they been defeated. 
But, 
As the army of the Giant Elephant Empire approached the city walls, even the Holy Tree King couldn’t help but feel the pressure. 
There were far too many large-scale magical puppets, and the sight was incredibly intimidating. 
The Giant Elephant King stood atop the thousand-meter-tall three-headed dragon, shouting, “Holy Tree King, you despicable, shameless bastard! We all put in our efforts, but you, so greedy, even went as far as to frame our people! Why didn’t you dare leak the information about the Troy Empire?” 
The animosity between the two sides had festered for so long that they didn’t even want to call each other by name anymore, thinking it was bad luck. 
“Hmph, Giant Elephant King, is that your excuse? It’s unnecessary! We’ve never been afraid of war!” The Holy Tree King replied disdainfully. 
Hearing this, the face of the Giant Elephant King twitched in rage. He hadn’t expected the other side to be so blatant, not even trying to deny it. 
Immediately, he commanded the thousand-meter-tall, pitch-black, lifelike three-headed dragon to attack. 
“Roar!” 
A deafening dragon roar echoed through the air! 
One of the three heads spewed a massive torrent of water, drenching the Holy Tree soldiers as if rain were pouring down on them. 
Next. 
The second head unleashed a blast of cold air! 
The white mist instantly froze the water on contact, turning everything into ice! 
The bone-chilling cold made the Holy Tree soldiers shiver uncontrollably! 
“World-Class Magic · Holy Tree Healing!” 
The Holy Tree King stood on the wall and calmly spoke. 
Massive tree roots emerged from the ground, glowing with a soft green light, healing the wounded and restoring body heat. 
Seeing this, the third head of the three-headed dragon spewed a sky full of flames! 
“World-Class Magic · Sea of Leaves!” 
It was the same magic that Luna had used before, but its effect was much stronger near the Holy Tree. 
Countless leaves flew through the air, colliding with the flames and igniting. 
The clash nullified the attack, creating a dazzling explosion of fire in the sky. 
Seeing this, the Giant Elephant King grew impatient. “Advance! Flatten this place! Leave no one alive! Uproot that so-called Holy Tree!!” 
“Roar!” 
Thousands of magical puppets charged forward!!! 
Giant wolves, giant elephants, giant bears, and many more! 
Every step they took shook the ground, nearly causing the Holy Tree soldiers to go deaf from the sound. 
The pressure they exerted was so immense that the soldiers almost couldn’t muster the will to resist! 
Their bodies trembled, and they wanted to turn and flee! 
“So, this is the Giant Elephant Empire. They’re indeed something. With so many magical puppets, I truly have no way to defend against them.” 
Lin Tian’s expression grew complicated. He had thought himself strong, but clearly, there was still a long way to go. 
Besides, they were merely small fry on the continent. 
In the world beyond the wilderness, that’s where the real hell awaited! 
It seemed that after devouring all the empires within the wilderness, he would need to consolidate their full strength. 
Only when he had reached a new level of power would he dare to explore the world beyond the wilderness. 
The Holy Tree King let out a disdainful snort. “Tree, do it!!” 
“Boom! Boom! Boom!” 
From beneath the ground, terrifying tremors erupted! 
Countless colossal tree roots, hundreds of meters thick and thousands of meters long, burst forth from the earth! 
“Boom!” 
With a single casual swipe, a three-hundred-meter-tall giant wolf puppet was crushed into dust, reduced to nothing but fragments of the ore it had been crafted from. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 204: The Birth of the Holy Tree Goblin! 
TL: Sungmin  
Countless massive vines extended outward, like towering hills. 
It was incredibly shocking! 
They blocked the advancing magic puppets. 
Immediately, a dozen vines tightly coiled around the three-headed dragon, like pythons winding their prey! 
The sound of tension could be heard. 
Even the Elephant King felt pressure. “What’s going on? Why does this Holy Tree feel stronger than before?” 
Before his eyes, tens of thousands of roots spread out like menacing, flailing tentacles, eerie yet powerful. 
Moreover, the strength far surpassed what it used to be. 
In just moments, the dragon let out a pitiful wail as the vines tightened. 
“Boom!” 
It shattered into pieces, crumbling like stone, scattering across the ground. 
The Giant Elephant Empire King quickly leaped away, pulling out a magical doll in midair. “Puppet Magic · Hellwalker!” 
Right then. 
A massive thousand-meter puppet emerged, with three heads and six arms, resembling the demonic form of a wrathful Nezha! 
It was engulfed in hellfire! 
The Holy Tree King remained composed. “Tree, our puppets are no worse than his!” 
“Swish, swish, swish!” 
Roots intertwined, forming a massive puppet made of trees over a thousand meters tall! 
The war reached a fever pitch. 
Both sides were locked in an intense battle, the deafening booms echoed continuously, leaving a stunning impact. 
Lin Tian couldn’t help but look back at the Holy Tree. “No wonder they claim it’s unbeatable at home. I didn’t expect it to be this tough!” 
“Indeed. Even our Troy Empire wouldn’t dare invade so recklessly,” Sara added. 
These two empires were recognized in the wilderness as the most defensible and most aggressive—essentially, the strongest shield against the strongest spear. 
The clash was extraordinary. 
From a visual standpoint, Lin Tian was witnessing such a battle for the first time, utterly awe-struck. 
An army of millions paled in comparison to this. 
At that moment. 
The puppet of the tree-man was burned to ash by the Hellwalker’s flames! 
But in the next second. 
Massive roots burst from the ground, binding the Hellwalker’s limbs, making it unable to move. 
“Attack, Holy Tree Warriors!” 
Soldiers clad in light armor climbed onto the Hellwalker’s chest. 
They opened a hatch, crawling inside to find a core emitting a blue magical glow. 
Using the Holy Tree’s spears, they ruthlessly destroyed it. 
Such a powerful Hellwalker immediately turned into an ordinary stone statue. 
Unable to bear its weight, it began to crumble. 
Seeing this. 
The Elephant King roared in anger, “Don’t push me into a corner!” 
He immediately activated three more thousand-meter-tall magic puppets! 
These wielded weapons, much like the Grim Reaper, slicing through the tree roots in massive swaths with their giant scythes! 
Clearly, they were designed specifically to counter the Holy Tree Empire. 
As the battle dragged on, casualties on both sides became immense! 
Many puppets collapsed, and countless Holy Tree soldiers perished. 
Before long. 
Victory began tilting toward the Giant Elephant Empire, breaking through the Holy Tree Empire’s first line of defense, forcing them back into the city. 
“World-Class Magic · Wall of the Holy Tree!” 
The Holy Tree King urgently unleashed his power, forming a thousand-meter-tall wall of vegetation to block the puppet army’s advance. 
It temporarily halted the Giant Elephant Empire’s assault. 
Yet, the Holy Tree’s aura was dimming, its leaves falling like the desolation of autumn, casting a gloomy and tragic scene. 
It could no longer fight with its roots. 
If this continued, the tree itself would wither. 
With more than half the soldiers lost, only a few hundred thousand remained. In the end, the strongest shield could not withstand the strongest spear. 
Hearing the soldiers’ fearful and pained cries, the Holy Tree King’s face twisted with reluctance. “Tree, can’t you save us?” 
The tree remained silent. 
Suddenly, a fierce wind arose. 
Leaves, once shading the sky, now fell in great numbers! 
“Swish, swish, swish, swish!” 
The scene was incredibly shocking—so many leaves fell that for a moment, no one could see anything in front of them. There was only an endless downpour of leaves. 
The leaves piled up high, filling half the city! 
Even outside, the fallen leaves accumulated like snow, making movement nearly impossible. 
“Hahaha! What a joke of a Holy Tree! So many roots chopped off, it looks like it’s going to wither soon! Keep attacking! Break through that tree wall!”  
The Elephant King laughed arrogantly, standing atop his puppet, savoring the wind carrying the falling leaves. 
This was the taste of victory! 
The sound of the leaves colliding in the wind was the melody of triumph! 
As the last leaf fell. 
Only clusters of black fruits remained on the now bare branches. 
The Holy Tree King stood below, looking up, his face twitching, filled with confusion and terror. “Tree, what—what is happening?! Could it be that the Holy Tree Empire is about to meet its end? I beg you, help us!” 
He knelt beneath the tree, praying desperately. 
Prayer could indeed summon miracles. 
“Boom! Boom! Boom!” 
Outside, the Giant Elephant Empire relentlessly pounded the tree wall, each strike like a heavy blow to their hearts. 
Lin Tian’s expression was complicated. “Looks like it’s time to clean up the aftermath.” 
Though he didn’t fully understand what was happening with the Holy Tree, when the Giant Elephant Empire broke through, after a final desperate struggle, both sides would be severely weakened. 
There was still time to retreat and send reinforcements. 
There were no other empires nearby to seize the opportunity, and it would take any army about ten days to arrive. 
Even if given twenty days, the Giant Elephant Empire wouldn’t have time to recover its strength. 
“Wait, Your Majesty, look at the fruits on the tree. Something seems… to be moving!”  
Suddenly, Sara stopped him, her beautiful eyes filled with astonishment as she looked at the Holy Tree. 
The black fruits, each the size of two basketballs, were indeed writhing with something inside. 
“Pop…” 
A fruit dropped from the branch, landing on the ground. 
Curious villagers couldn’t resist approaching to inspect it. “A fruit from the Holy Tree?! Can we eat it? Will eating it give us divine power?” 
“I don’t know. Wait, there seems to be something inside!” 
“Look, it’s coming out!” 
The black fruit split open from the inside, a large amount of black liquid oozing out, followed by a strange creature rolling out! 
It had black-green skin, stood just over a meter tall, and its blood-red eyes gleamed with a sinister light! 
With sharp teeth and claws, it was utterly terrifying! 
“Goblin!!” 
The villagers were shocked. 
But this was different from a typical goblin—its legs were covered with what looked like root-like tendrils. 
Seeing the humans, the goblin suddenly leapt at them, tearing into their flesh. The sound of ripping skin and bone, along with agonized screams, filled the air! 
Terrified, the other villagers fled in panic! 
But they hadn’t gotten far before— 
Another black fruit dropped from the sky, and another goblin burst forth, roaring as it lunged at them! 
“Swish, swish, swish!” 
Countless fruits began to fall, like a torrential black rain! 
It was despair, suffocating and inescapable! 
The entire city, at least a million newly born goblins, swept across it, devouring anyone they encountered on sight, tearing them apart instantly! 
Because of the tree wall. 
Many people had no place to flee. They could only watch in horror as goblins ripped off their arms and bit through the necks of their loved ones! 
The scene left the Holy Tree King dumbfounded. “Goblins?! Why are there so many goblins growing from the Holy Tree?! Impossible, am I dreaming?!” 
This scene was incomprehensible, unbelievable. 
No one could accept it! 
The city descended into complete chaos and death! 
Even the soldiers couldn’t resist the goblins’ onslaught—they were all slaughtered. 
Before the Giant Elephant Empire even made it inside, the city was already on the verge of total destruction! 
“Damn it, why are there goblins here?! What is this?!” 
The Holy Tree King’s face was full of fear. Trembling, he staggered backward, tripping on the stairs and falling to the ground. 
He had thought it was a divine miracle. 
But this was a divine punishment! 
The stench of blood and the sinister laughter of the goblins echoed throughout the city. 
He had lost all hope, and the will to resist had completely abandoned him. 
“Boom!” 
At that moment. 
The tree wall was finally breached by the Giant Elephant King. “Charge in! Leave no one alive! I will make them pay!” 
A massive wave of Giant Elephant soldiers surged inside. 
However. 
They were met by a crowd of fleeing citizens. 
“Hmph, is it really this desperate? They’re sending ordinary civilians to fight us?”  
The Giant Elephant King sneered. 
But then, something seemed wrong. 
Behind the citizens were countless goblins! 
“What’s going on?! Goblins?! Where did the Holy Tree Empire get so many goblins?! Prepare for battle!”  
The Elephant King was astonished, immediately issuing orders. 
The soldiers were bewildered by the sudden development, and in their confusion, they were quickly overwhelmed by the goblins! 
What’s more, these goblins grew stronger the more they ate, evolving into hero variants and even leader variants! 
They could absorb nutrients from the earth and the Holy Tree’s power through the root-like tendrils on their bodies. 
The Giant Elephant soldiers stood no chance. 
They were overwhelmingly slaughtered and devoured. 
Seeing this, the Elephant King realized the danger. “Quick, send the puppets around to flank those goblins!” 
“Yes, sir!” 
The puppets began to move. 
They couldn’t afford to fail here because of a horde of goblins. 
Indeed. 
Once the puppets entered the fray, the tide began to turn. 
These goblins, though incredibly vicious and powerful, were no match for the puppets. 
With just a single stomp. 
Hundreds, if not thousands, of goblins were crushed. 
It was only a matter of time before they were completely wiped out. 
At this moment. 
Lin Tian was just as stunned. “Am I seeing things? There are so many goblins here?!” 
He found it unbelievable. 
Out of nowhere, the Holy Tree had somehow given birth to such an overwhelming number of goblins. 
It was truly unexpected. 
Sara pondered and said, “Your Majesty, do you remember the request you made when we first entered the city?” 
“I remember… Wait, what?! Am I really that awesome?!” 
Suddenly, Lin Tian realized what had happened. 
The tree spirit was the embodiment of the Holy Tree. 
Because he was a goblin, he possessed a special ability—no reproductive isolation with any living creature. 
But he had never thought this would apply to plants too! 
The fact that even a tree could… 
He had to admit, he was truly something else. 
“I get it now. Looks like this is an incredible stroke of luck!” Lin Tian couldn’t help but exclaim. 
Quickly, he shifted back to his original form and shouted loudly, “All goblins, hear my command! Stop attacking humans, and instead climb onto those magic puppets. Target the magic cores at their center!!!” 
His voice. 
It was as though it carried the force of a command within a program! 
All the goblins froze upon hearing it, then turned in unison to look at Lin Tian. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 205: Don’t Cry When the Time Comes 
TL: Etude 
The command embedded deep within their genes had been activated. 
This was a gene-specific effect unique to the goblin species, similar to the insect race. 
“What are you standing around for? Use your climbing ability and get up there!” Lin Tian hurriedly urged. 
These were all his offspring. 
Logically, they should have inherited his abilities. 
After all, he had the climbing skill. 
This was one of the goblin’s strengths, the ability to inherit certain basic abilities. 
As long as it wasn’t magic or passive effects, most of the abilities could be inherited. 
Hearing his command, they all began climbing up the magical puppets. 
The climbing skill came naturally to them. 
And with roots growing from their feet, the effect was even better. 
Countless goblins swarmed up the puppets. 
It didn’t take long. 
One puppet collapsed! 
Then the second, the third, ten, a hundred! 
The situation unfolded so suddenly that the Elephant King couldn’t react in time. “Fall back! Don’t let those goblins get close, keep them at a distance and destroy them!” 
He hadn’t expected there would be such a high-intelligence goblin king that could issue commands and control them. 
But unfortunately, it was too late. 
With only one or two thousand magical puppets remaining, the million goblins, having found a way, completely crushed them! 
“Are you crazy?! Holy Tree King, you actually colluded with the goblins?! This is beyond despicable!” the Elephant King yelled in frustration. 
Such a turn of events was something he never could have anticipated. 
Of course, no one had, including Lin Tian. 
The Holy Tree King, who had come closer to observe, couldn’t hold back, “What the hell are you talking about?! I’m just as baffled as to why the Holy Tree produced so many goblins!!” 
But, looking at the current situation, things still seemed favorable. 
At the very least, the Giant Elephant Empire was facing collapse and the threat of total annihilation. 
Suddenly, the two of them seemed to realize something, “Kill that goblin king!” 
Their cold gazes locked onto Lin Tian. 
“Holy Tree King, how will you repay me if I help you kill that goblin?” the Elephant King asked coldly. 
The Holy Tree King hesitated for a moment. “With things as they are, I don’t care if you incorporate us, but we absolutely cannot let these damned goblins succeed! I still need to figure out why this is happening!” 
The situation had indeed become a mystery that could only be described as one of the world’s unsolved puzzles. 
Upon hearing this, the two of them came to an agreement. 
“You hold off those goblins, and I’ll go kill their leader!” the Elephant King ordered, once again pulling out a magical figurine and activating it. 
It transformed into a flaming skeletal horse, and he mounted it, flying through the air. 
He even handed one to the Holy Tree King. 
“Where the hell did you come from, goblin?! Why didn’t I notice you earlier?” the Holy Tree King asked, his face filled with fury and hatred. 
The key point was that their Holy Tree had been polluted, which was utterly unacceptable. 
Lin Tian looked at the two coldly. “You really don’t recognize me? Weren’t you both plotting to carve up my empire?” 
“What?!” 
The two of them felt a chill run down their spines. 
In unison, they exclaimed, “The Goblin Empire?!” 
“That’s impossible! Why are you here? By the timeline, shouldn’t you be dead by now?” the Elephant King asked in confusion. 
So many powerful figures had been sent by the three great empires. There was no reason for them to fail. 
Even if he didn’t trust himself, he believed the people from the Troy Empire had absolute strength. 
Lin Tian chuckled coldly, “Too bad for you, all your people are dead. And you’re next!” 
“Bullshit! You probably escaped when your empire was taken over, trying to take advantage of the chaos, huh? Do you really think we’re as stupid as the Great Tomb or the Lionheart Empire?” the Elephant King sneered with disdain. 
With their combined strength surpassing ten thousand, they weren’t afraid of a mere goblin. 
As long as they killed the Goblin King, the rest of the goblins would fall apart, and dealing with them would be easy. 
The Holy Tree King added, “Even if our people aren’t your match, what about the people from the Troy Empire? Don’t tell me you even managed to kill the Troy Princess…” 
Someone capable of summoning Demon King-level creatures. 
Neither of them had any confidence in defeating such a person. 
They were powerful kings, but not powerful warriors. 
Lin Tian grinned, “You’re right, I didn’t manage to kill her. But that doesn’t mean I couldn’t conquer her.” 
As he finished speaking, Sara, standing beside him, removed her cloak, her sharp gaze locked onto the two. 
At that moment, it felt like they had been struck by lightning! 
The two kings nearly fell off their skeletal horses in disbelief. “Princess Sara! You! How is this possible?!” 
“Why? Did we really fail?! And why did the Holy Tree produce so many goblins?” 
Overwhelmed by shock and confusion, the Holy Tree King felt on the verge of collapse. He wanted nothing more than to stab himself and check if this was all just a nightmare! 
It was too much, completely defying common sense. 
Sara stepped forward to explain, “What else could it be? Your tree spirit had an encounter with His Majesty, the Goblin King, and it was devoured.” 
“The Tree Spirit…” 
“GOBLIN! I WILL TEAR YOU TO PIECES!!!” 
Hearing this, the Holy Tree King lost it completely. His rage surged uncontrollably as he charged madly at Lin Tian, spear in hand! 
Sara immediately raised her ancient staff, chanting, “Ultimate Summoning Magic · King of the Nile!” 
Splash! 
The sound of water splashing rang out! 
The Crocodile Demon King appeared once more, opening its massive jaws and lunging forward for a fierce bite! 
“World-Class Magic · Earth Prison!” 
In a rush, the Holy Tree King activated his skill. 
Thick branches shot up from the ground, wrapping around the Crocodile Demon King, pulling it downward into the earth! 
This magic could drag an enemy ten thousand meters underground! If the demon couldn’t escape in time, it would surely meet its end. 
The Elephant King seized the opportunity, “Super-Tier Magic · Puppet Control!!” 
A magic formation appeared, targeting Lin Tian! 
If it hit, Lin Tian would be turned into a puppet, controlled at will. 
Lin Tian sneered in disdain. After all, he now wielded the strength of ten thousand battles. 
He cast his own spell, “Hero’s Power!” 
Ancient runes circled his body like an impenetrable golden shield, blocking the puppet magic. 
Hero’s Power granted immunity to all control-type skills, including puppet magic. 
Lin Tian then drew the Spear of Zeus, shouting, “Thunder Punishment!” 
A thick bolt of white lightning as wide as a bowl struck down from the sky! 
The blinding light left everyone momentarily dazed, followed by a deafening roar of thunder. 
The Elephant King was struck down to the ground by the lightning, his entire body paralyzed, unable to move. 
Crack! 
In the next instant, the Crocodile Demon King, having emerged from the earth, opened its blood-soaked jaws and tore the Elephant King to pieces. 
He didn’t even have time to scream. 
The Holy Tree King watched in disbelief, eyes wide with horror. “Damn it, goblin! How could we fall to a goblin?!” 
This outcome was something he could not accept! 
Being defeated by the Giant Elephant Empire would have been bearable. 
But now, both their empires would fall to a goblin! 
That lowest, weakest of races! 
Now it had become so powerful! 
It shattered his spirit, destroyed his kingdom, and crushed his beliefs! 
“No!!!” 
In a desperate, grief-filled scream, the Holy Tree King was cleaved into a bloody pulp by a fishbone dagger. 
On the other side. 
Upon seeing their king’s gruesome death, the Giant Elephant Empire’s warriors turned and fled in terror! 
But they were nothing more than defeated stragglers now. 
Lin Tian gave the order, “Everyone, come back. There’s no need to chase them!” 
Both of these empires were already in his grasp; it was only a matter of time. 
The Giant Elephant Empire’s forces had been depleted, and the city was filled with nothing but common citizens. 
There was no need to worry about any uprising. 
“Your Majesty, I… I don’t even know what to say. The invincible spear and shield of an empire, just like that, gone…” Sara’s voice trembled with excitement, her body shaking slightly. 
She could hardly believe the scale of the victory, the magnitude of this honor! 
The goblin standing before her had completely shattered her worldview. 
How she wished she could be like him. 
Lin Tian smiled calmly, “I didn’t expect it either. Though I planned it all, gaining an extra million-strong army was quite the bonus.” 
“Yes, I almost forgot, this was all part of your plan, this…” 
Sara was still reeling from the shock. 
It was unbelievable. 
A single small action had won them two great empires and boundless lands. 
It was like a tiny lever shifting the weight of the entire world. 
Lin Tian gazed at the blood-soaked and desolate battlefield. 
He prepared to return, dispatching people to clean up the aftermath and seize control of the Giant Elephant Empire as well. 
Previously, Persephia had already been captured. 
There was no need to worry about puppet magic for the time being; he was certain he could acquire it. 
Right now, Lin Tian had no interest in dealing with such matters. What he wanted was to eliminate that harlot Joan of Arc, and then take down the Troy Empire. 
The lands within the wilderness were essentially his now. 
Only by slowly growing stronger would he be ready to face the powerful beings outside the zone. 
Before long. 
Gobu Kuang, Alice, the One-Eyed Owl, and the others all rushed over. 
They gazed around at the magnificent decorations of the Holy Tree Palace. 
“No way, Boss! You were only gone a few days, and you’ve already taken down a Great Empire!” Gobu Kuang and the others couldn’t help but praise him. 
Lin Tian was like a god in their eyes, but even this seemed too unbelievable. 
They found it hard to accept. 
The One-Eyed Owl, looking as astonished as a child, exclaimed, “You bastard! You keep surprising me more and more! Joan of Arc is nothing compared to you!” 
“Lin Tian, the key thing is, you didn’t take a single soldier with you when you left. How did you manage to pull this off?” Osius and Grugia couldn’t help but ask. 
Everyone was so overwhelmed with shock that they almost wanted to cry. 
This kind of achievement—surely unprecedented and unmatched throughout history. 
Lin Tian raised his hand to stop them. “No need to be amazed just yet. The Giant Elephant Empire isn’t fully taken down. Alice, Big Sis, I’m leaving it to you two.” 
“Messenger, there are definitely still a lot of militia inside. We can’t handle them with just our small group,” Alice said helplessly. 
There were easily over a million militia members. Even if they went in, it wouldn’t make a difference. 
Lin Tian replied calmly, “Don’t worry. There’s a million-strong goblin army waiting outside.” 
“What?!” 
As they looked at the massive goblin army that seemed to appear out of thin air, everyone felt like they were dreaming! 
Alice immediately took charge like a general, gathering the soldiers and preparing for action. 
Watching them leave, Lin Tian’s lips curled into a faint smile. “Joan of Arc, oh Joan of Arc, tell me, what do you have left to fight me with? Don’t cry when the time comes!” 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 206: Heading to the Zerg Empire! 
TL: Sungmin  
As the grand army set off in full force, Lin Tian turned around, gazing in the direction of the Free Empire. 
His eyes were full of amusement. 
However, he also took a glance at the barren, somewhat desolate Holy Tree. 
There seemed to be an issue with this tree’s stance. 
He wasn’t sure if it would pledge allegiance to him or remain loyal to the original Holy Tree Empire. 
Or perhaps it would maintain an independent stance. 
If it harbored any hostility towards him, he wouldn’t allow it to live. 
“Goblin! I will never forgive you! I will avenge Sister Luna and the Holy Tree Empire!” 
Suddenly. 
The illusion of a tree spirit, which he had seen earlier, appeared, spitting out a hateful threat. 
But it was obvious that it had grown extremely weak. 
Lin Tian sneered, “It seems you really have no intention of living, huh?” 
No wonder people say that it’s just a little tree with low intelligence. 
“I am a branch of the World Tree. Even if the apocalypse comes and the seas dry up, I will not die!” 
The tree spirit spoke proudly, recalling the earlier humiliation and growing even more resentful. 
But Lin Tian reveled in the feeling of being hated yet completely untouchable. “Are you provoking me?” he said as he slowly approached the tree. 
“What are you going to do?”  
The tree spirit looked astonished. 
Immediately, Lin Tian relieved himself, letting off a fresh stream of Longjing tea. 
The sound of water was continuous and intense, carving a large hole into the ground. 
“Ugh! Stop it, stop it! Goblin, you are shameless and despicable!!!” 
The tree spirit cursed furiously, but it couldn’t stop the nausea and revulsion. 
Because it was absorbing the moisture. 
This kind of humiliation had never been experienced in thousands of years. After all, it was a god! 
A god worshipped by millions of citizens of the Holy Tree Empire. 
It was the first time it had suffered such disgrace. 
Lin Tian raised an eyebrow, looking up at the tree. “How does it taste? Pretty good, right?” 
After careful consideration. 
There was no need to keep this Holy Tree around. 
Although it was miraculous, capable of breeding a million goblins at once, it posed a huge risk if it regained its power without a means of control. 
The aftermath would be disastrous. 
Mainly because it lacked intelligence. It was impossible to reason or cooperate with it. 
Besides, army numbers were no longer the key to victory. 
What was needed now was to develop top-tier combat strength, like Alice, Gobu Yue, and Gobu Kuang. 
Including himself. 
If the upper ranks were wiped out, no matter how many soldiers there were, they would still be scattered like sand. 
“Shh…” 
Lin Tian extended his sharp black nails, slashing open the palm of his left hand. 
The pitch-black decaying blood slowly dripped down. 
The moment it touched the soil, black smoke rose continuously! 
The blood seeped into the ground, absorbed by the Holy Tree’s roots. 
The tree spirit let out a pained cry, its form growing more and more insubstantial, eventually fading away. 
Just before that. 
Lin Tian almost forgot. “Lucky Steal!” 
He hurriedly cast the magic, eager to see if he could snatch something from the Holy Tree. 
His expectations were high. 
After all, he couldn’t think of what he might steal from a tree—what could it possibly cherish the most? 
‘Congratulations to the host, you have obtained: Holy Tree Seed x1!’ 
A seed? 
Looking at the black seed, about the size of an apple, in his hand. 
Lin Tian couldn’t immediately think of any use for it. Planting it and waiting for it to grow would surely take many years. 
He simply stored it in his spatial ring for now. 
Since the tree was so massive, he had to bleed almost to the point of collapse before the Holy Tree finally withered. 
After all, it was just a sapling, nothing compared to the World Tree. 
It was only two or three thousand meters tall. 
The World Tree could cover the entire skyline, truly enormous. 
Looking at the now-ruined and worthless Holy Tree Empire. 
Lin Tian muttered to himself, “Whatever. Cutting off the Free Empire’s connection to the outside world is enough.” 
The rest could be dealt with by looting the empire’s valuable resources. 
Like food, minerals, and so on. 
Most of the people were already gone, and he couldn’t be bothered with the remaining refugees. 
The other small cities could easily be taken by Alice and the others when the time came. 
Then. 
He devoured all the high-level corpses on the ground. 
Especially the giant elephant and the Holy Tree King. 
Finally, he reached level 105, now able to instantly kill anything below level 99! 
[Lin Tian: Lv105<br/>
Race: Goblin (Devourer of Gods x1)<br/>
Profession: None<br/>
Title: Blasphemer, God’s Blessing, God-Slayer, …<br/>
Health: 3700<br/>
Strength: 1140<br/>
Defense: 1410<br/>
Skills: Abnormal Fusion, Lucky Steal, Anubis’ Soul Drain, …<br/>
Equipment: Life Armor, Spear of Zeus, Golden Divine Ornaments…<br/>
Overall: 10,100] 
“It seems it’s time to go to the Zerg Empire and find someone to help.” Lin Tian said. 
Just in time, the Ant Tribe had invited him multiple times to visit, so there was no harm in making the trip. 
Lin Tian was also curious to see what the top-tier empire of the monster world was like. 
After explaining the situation to Gobu Yue, he set off alone toward the Zerg Empire. 
The journey was long—about 5,000 kilometers, according to that ant person from before. 
So, he directly used the Life Simulation System to skip the tedious travel time. 
However, the simulation was forcibly interrupted upon his arrival at the Zerg Empire. 
If everything was skipped, what was the point of him going? His curiosity drove him to see what the Zerg Empire was like. 
To experience the culture of other monster empires. 
‘Life Simulation completed, earned 10 Life Points.’ 
‘Do you want to cross over to the current plot: Arrival at the Zerg Empire?’ 
“Cross over.” 
As soon as Lin Tian finished speaking, he found himself standing on a highland. 
Stunned… 
The scene before him was like someone had shoved a giant painting directly into his eyes! 
Below the highland lay a vast, endless plain. 
On the plain were several enormous cities combined together! 
They were unprecedentedly massive! 
The horizon seemed to stretch on forever, and he had to turn around to see the edge on the other side. 
There were no city walls, just densely packed, bizarre buildings of all kinds. 
The sight was overwhelming. 
The buildings were all in shades of black and purple, strange and enchanting. 
There were also many giant sculptures. 
What struck him the most was a city of golden sand dunes, standing out prominently among the group of cities. 
The stark contrast between the golden yellow and dark purple was striking. 
It was clear that this was the city of the Ant Tribe. 
Surrounding it were all kinds of disorganized insectoid creatures, as the Zerg Empire was composed of many insect species. 
The Zerg Empire wasn’t built by just one or a few types of insects. 
It was centered around the Demon Zerg Queen, the royal family. 
She led thousands of different insect species to form this empire. 
The Ant Tribe, the Phantom Worm Tribe, the Scorpion Men, the Devil Locusts, and others were merely subordinates. 
They were equivalent to nobility. 
The empire was massive. 
Even Lin Tian was awestruck. “There must be at least a billion insects here. No wonder it’s called the top Zerg Empire… Who would dare provoke them? They’d be facing the entire Zerg swarm.” 
After calming down, he began walking toward the main gate. 
As he got closer, he realized that the empire didn’t just consist of Zerg species. There were also many other humanoid monsters. 
For example, there were Pigmen, Minotaurs, and so on. 
But Lin Tian was aware of one rule here. 
Insects were the upper-class race, and all others were inferior. 
That’s why many monsters would rather live in the Goblin Empire than come here. 
From a distance. 
Lin Tian saw two insect soldiers standing guard—creatures resembling locusts but about as tall as humans. 
They stood there on duty. 
Every humanoid monster entering the city casually handed them a silver coin, a tradition as old as time. 
Lin Tian, not having such small currency, lined up and pulled out two gold coins. 
“Hurry up! I’m so sick of collecting these small amounts all day!” one of the locust soldiers grumbled. 
“Haha, even mosquito legs are meat. Just endure it,” the other teased. 
“Keep it down, or the Mosquito Tribe might hear you and come suck your blood tonight!” 
They joked with each other. 
Suddenly. 
Their eyes were dazzled by the golden gleam in front of them. 
Gold! 
Gold coins! 
Without hesitation, they snatched the coins from Lin Tian’s hand, too excited to contain themselves. “Oh my god, this idiot actually gave us gold coins!!!” 
“We’ve struck it rich, brother!” 
Upon hearing this. 
Lin Tian’s eye twitched slightly. Did they just call him an idiot? 
He was about to turn around and kill them both. 
But they spoke first. “Wait a minute! You’re a goblin?” 
Lin Tian’s expression turned cold. “Is there a problem?” 
“Problem? Get lost! The Zerg Empire doesn’t welcome low-level monsters like you!” 
One of the locust soldiers cursed, raising a thorn-covered hand as if to strike. 
Even the other monsters in line grew impatient. “What’s a goblin doing here?” 
One of them reached out to grab Lin Tian, intending to toss him out. 
But the locust soldier quickly realized something was wrong. 
Despite using all his strength, he couldn’t move this goblin an inch. 
Seeing this. 
The other locust sneered, “A goblin, and you’re wasting time? Just kill him. He’s probably got more gold coins on him!” 
With that, he raised his powerful leg! 
Their feet were equipped with sharp claws, easily capable of piercing flesh. 
One kick could impale a goblin like a boot piercing through leather. 
“High-Speed Kick!” 
The locust soldier kicked fiercely toward Lin Tian! 
But all that was heard was a crisp crack! 
The exoskeleton of the locust shattered completely! 
Green liquid sprayed everywhere! 
Lin Tian’s Life Armor easily blocked the incoming kick; in fact, even if the blow had landed, he wouldn’t have felt a thing. 
Their combat power wasn’t even 4,000—pitifully low. 
“Crack!” 
Suddenly, another snap echoed. 
Lin Tian had crushed the arm of the locust soldier who had grabbed him. 
“Ahh! It hurts! You damned goblin, how dare you cause trouble on Zerg territory! I… I’ll tear you to pieces!” the locust soldier cursed venomously. 
The next second. 
Lin Tian casually crushed his head.  
“Splat!” 
Sticky green fluid splattered everywhere. 
The surrounding humanoid monsters were terrified, retreating several steps in shock! 
Lin Tian grabbed a handful of the splattered bits, mixed with green ooze, and began chewing. Spitting it out, he sneered, “Tastes awful. A lowly green locust dares to threaten me?” 
In the Locust Tribe, green locusts were the lowest caste. 
Even though he was here to ask for help from the Locust Tribe, he wasn’t worried about offending them. 
After all, the Ant Queen was backing him now. 
Lin Tian then approached the fallen locust soldier. “Does it hurt?” 
“It hurts so much! Help! Someone, please, heal my leg!” The pain was excruciating, like knives cutting through every nerve in his body. He felt like he was on the verge of passing out! 
Lin Tian grinned darkly, “Heh, heh. I know a method to relieve the pain. Want to try it?” 
Upon hearing this, the locust soldier, delirious from the agony, desperately nodded. “Yes, yes! Anything, just save me!” 
“Crack, crack, crack!” 
In an instant, a series of shattering sounds echoed! 
The green locust’s eyes bulged, bloodshot, and his mouth spewed red-green blood as his body convulsed violently. 
He couldn’t even utter a single word. 
“Doesn’t hurt anymore, does it?” Lin Tian asked coldly, grinning. 
The method? 
He had simply crushed the soldier completely. 
When pain reaches a certain threshold, the nerves shut down, effectively numbing the body. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 207: The Ambition of the Ant Queen, or the Ant King? 
TL: Sungmin  
“Damn, this goblin is way too savage!” 
“Is he insane? Daring to kill Zerg people within the Zerg Empire?” 
“Keep your voice down! If he goes berserk, he might kill you too!” 
The group of demi-humans trembled with fear. They stared at the two green locusts lying dead in front of them, feeling both shock and dread. 
In the next second, Lin Tian turned his gaze toward them. “Did any of you just mouth off as well?” 
“No, no! Lord Goblin, we didn’t say anything!”  
“Please, come in, come in!”  
“Don’t look at me, I swear I didn’t say a word!” 
The pigmen and ox-headed creatures frantically waved their hands, their hearts pounding wildly in terror. 
Lin Tian put on an expression of sudden realization. “Oh! Is that so? Fine, then. Guess I’ll let it slide.” 
Since they didn’t admit it…  
He would just kill them all. 
This time, he wasn’t sneaking around, fearful and cautious like when he infiltrated the Dragon Slayer Guild.  
This time, he was merely paying a visit.  
Apart from the Zerg nobles, such as the Dukes of the insect and ant tribes, the rest weren’t worth worrying about.  
If he wanted to kill, he’d kill. 
“Roar!” 
With a roar, Lin Tian activated his Ruinous Howl skill. The ground trembled as if the heavens were shaking. 
The dozen or so demi-human creatures behind him immediately bled from their orifices and died on the spot. 
This was nothing short of a massacre.  
The surrounding demi-human monsters screamed in terror and fled in all directions! 
Before long, a large number of green locust soldiers were alerted and flew in from the sky to provide backup. 
Lin Tian sneered contemptuously. “Perfect, I don’t particularly like green locusts. I might as well exterminate the entire species.” 
After crushing them all, he grabbed one and interrogated it about the location of the green locusts’ nest. 
Without any hesitation, he began leaping across the rooftops, heading straight for their lair.  
He didn’t hold back at all. 
In a nest of green grass, locust corpses littered the ground, their sticky fluids and blood mixed together in a foul, putrid stench. 
The remaining dozens of green locusts kept retreating in fear. Their leader shielded them. “What… what are you doing? We’re part of the Zerg! How dare a goblin kill us!” 
“So what if I kill you? Your people talk too much trash, and more importantly, you’re weak. I love bullying the weak.” 
Lin Tian grinned wickedly, his eyes glowing an evil red under the dim sky. 
The real reason he did this was to eliminate a race that looked down on goblins.  
Or perhaps it was simply because of a goblin’s natural bloodthirsty instincts. 
And it was also Lin Tian’s instinct.  
If you’re going to do something, do it to the end. If you kill, kill the whole tribe. 
The green locusts screamed in terror.  
Before long, they attracted other Zerg species. 
A large number of black and white locusts rushed in to help, surrounding Lin Tian tightly. 
The green locust leader, seeing hope, cried out, “Thank you, brothers and sisters, for saving us! This damned goblin—I’ll kill you and then wipe out your entire tribe!” 
“Really? There are too many bugs. I’m afraid I won’t have enough to eat.” Lin Tian responded. 
At that moment, strange, rhythmic footsteps echoed from outside the massive green lawn. 
It sounded like many ants crawling. 
Rustle, rustle. 
Sure enough. 
Giant black ants, each about five or six meters tall, crawled out from the grass in an orderly formation!  
There were about ten of them. 
They all stood upright, their muscular bodies bulging with strength—it was hard to believe they were ants! 
They wielded long spears, emanating a fierce and domineering aura. 
These were soldier ants! 
In the ant tribe, soldier ants were powerful warriors tasked with defending their race. 
The green locusts, seeing their saviors, quickly knelt. “Honorable soldier ants! This arrogant goblin is massacring us—please, kill him!” 
“Hmph, let’s see how arrogant he is now.” 
“The ant soldiers arrived really fast.” 
The black and white locust leaders sighed in relief. 
From the sky, a familiar voice reached Lin Tian’s ears. “Apologies, Your Goblin Majesty. If not for the scouts, I wouldn’t have known you had arrived in the Zerg Empire! Welcome, welcome!” 
It was the ant scout from before, slowly flying down and greeting him respectfully. 
Hearing this, the locusts were completely dumbfounded. “Ant lords, w-what’s going on?!” 
But no one paid them any attention. 
Lin Tian blinked in slight surprise. “Oh, it’s you? Well then, I guess this makes things easier. I got a bit carried away and killed some locusts. That’s alright, isn’t it?” 
“Well… they did provoke you, so if you want to kill them, go ahead. The Ant Queen will understand.” 
The ant hesitated briefly but spoke nonetheless. 
After all, as long as the Ant Queen took responsibility, it wouldn’t be a problem. 
The Green Locust Tribe wasn’t really all that important. 
And just as those words fell… 
Lin Tian charged forward like a demon, killing the last green locust. 
This scene sent chills down the spines of both the black and white locust races, rendering them frozen in fear, unable to move or make a sound! 
It was only then that the ant person spoke, “Well, let’s go. Our lord has long wanted to invite you as a guest. He has great admiration for the goblin race and often praises them.” 
“Oh? Also, these locusts, one pitch-black and the other snow-white, let these soldier ants help take care of them,” Lin Tian said. 
Upon hearing this, the ant person hesitated. “Well… they haven’t provoked you, so maybe…” 
“Indeed, but they appeared at the wrong place at the wrong time. I just want them dead.” Lin Tian spoke lightly, his tone as calm as ever. 
Yet, it gave off an intensely evil and cruel aura, as if his power was so overwhelming that he could toy with others’ lives at will! 
Both locust tribe cheftians knelt down in a panic, begging for mercy. “Your Goblin Majesty, we were blind to your greatness! Please, spare us!” 
“Brother, if you don’t help me out here, I won’t be happy,” Lin Tian’s eyes narrowed, emitting an icy, terrifying aura. 
The ant person shivered, “No, no! Everyone, kill them all… wipe them out!” 
By then, the queen would handle the consequences. 
It wouldn’t matter much. There were thousands of insect tribes here—too many to count. 
“I hate you, goblin! I curse all goblins to die horrible deaths!” 
The screams from the locust territory echoed out. 
The surrounding insect spectators trembled with fear! 
At this moment, they all gained a new understanding of goblins. 
Brutal! Violent! 
Vengeful to the extreme! 
Even the ant person swallowed nervously, completely unprepared for Lin Tian’s ruthlessness. “Your Majesty, are you in a bad mood today?” 
“A little, but I feel much better now.” Lin Tian replied calmly, riding on the soldier ant towards the ant tribe’s palace. 
He was indeed in a foul mood. 
The fact that the Zerg Empire did not allow goblins inside was a real annoyance. 
This little show was just a small reminder to change their mindset. 
He had no desire to reason with them. 
And reasoning wouldn’t work anyway. 
Only through absolute cruelty and ruthless actions could he teach them the best lesson. 
Soon, under the ant person’s guidance, Lin Tian arrived at the massive golden dune kingdom! 
The sight of the ant nest, whether in his past life as a human or now, always left him in awe. 
Especially since these ants were magical creatures. 
The dunes alone stood hundreds of meters tall and spanned several thousand meters wide. 
And that was just the tip of the iceberg. 
The real kingdom lay underground. 
It was unclear how long they crawled through the underground tunnels, but they finally reached the queen ant’s palace. 
Along the way, ants of all kinds were busy working. 
Though considered demi-humans, they still crawled on the ground like ordinary ants. 
Thankfully, goblins had night vision. Otherwise, he wouldn’t have been able to see anything. 
Ants communicated through pheromones and their antennae, as their eyesight was actually quite poor. 
“Welcome to my kingdom, Your Goblin Majesty! I’ve wanted to meet you for a long time!” 
Inside the expansive queen’s palace. 
Lin Tian was greeted by the sight of a massive, white mountain of flesh! 
He could see strange things wriggling within it, like a fat, bloated worm. 
It wasn’t until halfway up the mountain that he saw a portion of the ant person speaking. 
This was the true appearance of the queen ant. 
Due to her reproductive needs, her abdomen had swollen to the size of a massive flesh tube, hundreds of meters wide and over a thousand meters long! 
All around, worker ants were frantically transporting food and supplies for nutrition, while others carried ant eggs. 
Lin Tian politely responded, “Your Majesty Ant Queen, I appreciate the help you provided me recently.” 
“It was my honor. A legendary figure like you—if we can develop together with the goblins—could lead us to break through the Uninhabited Zone, even challenging demigods! Challenging the gods!” The queen spoke with pride. 
Lin Tian was slightly surprised. He hadn’t expected these ants to be so ambitious. 
However, one thing puzzled him. They were already planning to cultivate a new queen. 
Why did this queen still act like she had a glorious future ahead? 
Just as Lin Tian was about to ask. 
Suddenly! 
A sharp, bone-chilling sensation surged from behind! 
That kind of pressure—he had only felt it from Joan of Arc in her fully awakened divine form! 
Could it be that these damn ants planned to kill him? 
He quickly turned around. 
He saw a towering ant person, six or seven meters tall, with a shiny, reflective black exoskeleton, staring directly at him. 
The creature had four muscular arms. 
Its powerful mandibles were still stained with fresh blood. 
Its antennae twitched for no apparent reason. 
It said nothing. 
But just standing there, it made Lin Tian’s heart race with fear. 
At a glance, its combat power was 16,000! 
A Demon King-level ant person! 
“Don’t be surprised. He is considered the Ant King,” the Queen explained. “I can’t lead armies or fight, and my power is quite weak, so I gave birth to the Ant King to fight in my place.” 
Hearing this, Lin Tian let out a sigh of relief, but his brows furrowed again. “Then, Your Majesty Queen, can you control the Ant King?” 
“Of course not,” the Queen replied casually. “But his responsibility is to protect the ant race and lead it to greater strength.” 
With that, Lin Tian immediately understood. 
The plan to cultivate a new queen was definitely the Ant King’s idea! 
His sudden appearance was meant as a threat! 
Forget it. 
After all, the internal matters of the ant race had nothing to do with him. 
He spoke, “Your Majesty Queen, I am still at war with the Free Empire, and I came here to ask you for help. I need you to command the devil locusts to sweep through the Free Empire and seize all their resources.” 
The sooner he finished this conversation, the sooner he could leave. 
It looked like the Zerg Empire was on the verge of an internal conflict without his involvement. 
“Of course!” the Queen said with satisfaction. “You will be the first monster to challenge a demigod empire. I’d love to see such a scene. Leave the devil locusts to me.” 
“Thank you, Your Majesty Ant Queen. I will take my leave now,” Lin Tian said hurriedly. 
But the Queen seemed eager to keep him, “Wait, I want to have a deeper conversation with you. Don’t you think we are quite alike? If we join forces, perhaps we could create even more legendary myths…” 
Upon hearing this, Lin Tian was taken aback. 
What did she mean by that? 
Wasn’t this Ant King planning to cultivate a new queen, seize control of the Zerg Empire, and pillage other continents? 
This was starting to pique Lin Tian’s interest. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 208: Insect Plague, Sweeping Across the Free Empire! 
TL: Sungmin  
“Talking is fine, but… there are a lot of people around here…” Lin Tian said with a troubled expression. 
Behind him. 
A Demon King-level creature was staring right at him. 
The Ant Queen, however, didn’t mind. “Don’t worry, they’re all my minions. Whether they hear us or not, it doesn’t matter. Like you Goblins, I, as their Queen, can control weaker members of the same species.” 
Lin Tian gave a subtle look, signaling towards the Ant King behind him. 
The worker ants and soldier ants weren’t an issue for sure. 
Seeing this, the Ant Queen wasn’t foolish. She caught on to the hint and said, “Ant King, go notify the demonic locusts. Tell their entire swarm to sweep across the Free Empire, leaving not a single grain of food or anything edible!” 
“As you command, Ant Queen,” the Ant King responded with a low, deep voice, full of respect. 
He turned and left. 
After confirming that he was far enough away, Lin Tian finally spoke, “So, Your Majesty the Ant Queen, what is it you have in mind?” 
“Do you know the Zerg Queen? What do you think of her?” The Ant Queen asked, her tone full of ambition, especially emphasizing the word “Queen.” 
Lin Tian remained calm. “I know her. As for my thoughts, I suppose she’s one of the more perfect species, at least in terms of her ability to dominate. She can produce all sorts of minions, much like yourself.” 
“Exactly! But I am far inferior to her. She can alter her own genes, continuously producing stronger minions, all of whom obey her commands. Most importantly, she possesses immense combat power herself. She is a true ruler who, by her strength alone, can build an indestructible empire.” 
The Ant Queen’s eyes burned with madness, her jealousy and envy written all over her face. 
Hearing this, Lin Tian understood. 
The Zerg Queen herself had the combat strength of a top-tier Demon King, whereas the Ant Queen was relatively weak. 
Even if she detached from her bloated abdomen, her combat strength only reached around eight or nine thousand. 
Moreover, the ants she produced were quite limited compared to the Zerg, which boasted over a dozen types of combat insects. 
The Zerg dominated the entire insect ecosystem. 
Lin Tian raised an eyebrow. “So, what are you getting at?” 
“I want to join forces with you, overthrow the Zerg Queen, and seize control of this empire! What do you think?” The Ant Queen spread her slender arms wide, speaking with excitement. 
Hearing this, Lin Tian couldn’t help but be taken aback. 
What was going on? 
She wanted to plot a coup with him? And what about the Ant King, who was secretly nurturing a new Ant Queen? 
As he pondered, he suddenly understood. 
The Ant King’s role in the ant species was to protect them at all costs. 
He must have realized that the Ant Queen’s desire to challenge the Zerg Queen was reckless, fearing it would lead to the extinction of the ant species. 
That’s why the Ant King had been secretly raising a new Ant Queen. 
However, all the female ants produced by the colony were under the control of the current Ant Queen. 
The only way to breed a new Queen was to rely on goblins, who could bypass the reproductive isolation between species, producing a hybrid queen. 
Even if it was the Ant Queen herself, as long as she threatened the safety of the ant species, she had to be eliminated. 
With this, Lin Tian completely understood. 
The Ant Queen, unable to wait, pleaded, “Goblin King, I beg you to help me! I work tirelessly day and night, constantly producing offspring, yet I’m still suppressed by the Zerg. I can’t accept this!!” 
“Squelch, squelch…” 
As she spoke, she forcefully detached herself from the massive, bloated flesh mound she had been attached to, the separation accompanied by disgusting, sticky sounds. 
Her slender lower body emerged. 
Her long legs, elegant like a noblewoman in high heels, exuded an extraordinary grace. 
Her seductive, enchanting eyes seemed almost ready to shed tears. 
She leaped down from midair, throwing herself into Lin Tian’s embrace. “Goblin King, it’s simple for you. Just say yes!” 
For a moment, Lin Tian was caught off guard. 
“Let me think about it. Lately, things have been a bit chaotic,” Lin Tian said, trying to stall. 
He had said so much because he was impressed by the sheer ruling power of the ant species and the Ant Queen’s incredible reproductive ability. 
If he could capture her and use her as a production tool for goblins, the possibilities would be unimaginable! 
There would be no need for humans at all. 
A single Ant Queen would be enough. She could even produce more new Ant Queens, and the goblins’ breeding speed would be incalculable! 
However. 
The Ant Queen wasn’t so easy to capture, and the Zerg Queen also made for a valuable production tool. 
But once an internal conflict broke out among the ants, it would be much easier to capture the Ant Queen. 
“Goblin King, let’s become one. Let’s produce powerful hybrids, invade, conquer, and become the rulers of the Zerg Empire!” 
Suddenly, the Ant Queen impatiently kissed him. 
She was clearly trying to use this method to sway Lin Tian. 
She had even begun trying to pull down his pants. 
The most impressive thing about the Ant Queen was that, with just one pregnancy, she could continuously produce offspring for the rest of her life! 
Unlike the Zerg, where the mother could produce on her own, being hermaphroditic. 
In this regard, the Zerg were still superior. 
However, Lin Tian had no such intentions. He firmly protected himself and pulled away. “Your Majesty, we haven’t discussed everything clearly yet. Let’s not rush things.” 
“Is there even a need to say more? You just need to give me your strength, and I can produce countless powerful hybrids, enough to challenge the Zerg! We could even conquer this continent. When that happens, I’ll give you half of the power! Half of the land! What do you say?” The Ant Queen said eagerly. 
The offer was indeed tempting. 
For Lin Tian, it would be a great deal. He would only need to insert and leave; the difficulty was zero. 
However. 
The Ant Queen’s ambitions were large, but Lin Tian’s ambitions were even larger. 
If he cooperated with the Ant Queen like this, he would only get half the power and land. But if he imprisoned the Ant Queen, he would have it all. 
And she would become a massive production machine. 
Additionally, Goblin genes were more dominant and aggressive. Lin Tian was certain he could maintain full control. 
He then said, “I have some pressing matters to attend to. Could we wait a few days? We can find a quiet place, have a drink, admire the moonlight, and talk until dawn?” 
“No! Once I get pregnant, it’ll take a long time before I can grow a new flesh mound,” the Ant Queen refused, clearly eager to gain Lin Tian’s strength. 
She wanted it all. 
She no longer wished to live in the damp, dark underground nest. She wanted to be revered like the Zerg Queen, worshiped by all races. 
Lin Tian continued to stall, “Your Majesty, I’m a very sentimental person. Don’t be fooled by my appearance as a goblin—actually, I’m still a virgin!” 
“What?!” The Ant Queen was stunned, her eyes wide with disbelief as she stared at Lin Tian. “You… you’re still…?” 
“That’s right!” Lin Tian pretended to be serious, even blushing slightly. “I’m still pure. My first time is still intact… no, I mean, it’s still waiting for the right moment.” 
“What do you want, then?” the Ant Queen asked, her face full of disbelief, though there was now a hint of admiration in her gaze. 
Lin Tian pondered for a moment, “Once I finish what I need to do, we can have a wedding like humans do, and then take things slow.” 
“Alright, you are the most chaste goblin I’ve ever met! I respect you for it! How much longer will it take?” the Ant Queen asked again. 
Estimating the time, Lin Tian responded, “A few months, I think. But, you are the most beautiful ant girl I’ve ever seen. There are stars in your eyes~ I’ve already fallen in love with you.” 
Hearing these words, the Ant Queen couldn’t help but feel overjoyed, even a little bashful. 
She giggled to herself. “Alright then, I’ll wait for you! Make sure you take care of yourself, and when the time comes, we will join hands and become the greatest legends!” 
“Good! I’ll take my leave now!” 
After leaving. 
Lin Tian’s face twisted into a sinister grin as he headed straight back to the Goblin Empire. 
Such a powerful production tool. 
Once the ants broke out into civil war, he could just swoop in and take it all. 
Sure, it wasn’t exactly “human” of him, but Lin Tian wasn’t human to begin with. 
About ten days later. 
Lin Tian finally returned to the Goblin Empire. 
Both the Giant Elephant Empire and the Holy Tree Empire had been completely dealt with, turned into desolate cities. 
He had also developed magical devices with the Snow Elves. 
These powered the large-scale magic teleportation array. 
Whenever needed, the army could be transported instantly. 
“Boss, I heard from Gobu Yue that you went to the Zerg Empire? Was there anything fun?” Gobu Kuang grinned and leaned in close inside the grand hall. 
Lin Tian wore a playful expression, pointing dramatically in a direction (like of Donnie Yen). “You’re really keeping your curiosity alive, huh? Don’t worry, by the time we’re done, we won’t just have the entire Zerg Empire, but at least half of it will be ours. You’ll get to see some new sights and play with new toys.” 
“Hooray for the Boss!!” Gobu Kuang and the other three were incredibly excited upon hearing this. 
Even Osius and Grugia couldn’t hold back and asked, “So, Brother Tian, what about us?” 
“As long as you’re up for it, no problem. Zerg beauties are quite exotic; I personally think they’re not bad at all,” Lin Tian added. 
Judging solely by the Ant Queen, she was quite exceptional. 
Her body was slender and graceful—everything was just right. 
Plus, there were other races like the Butterfly Clan, who were also quite promising. 
Now that everything was in order, the group relaxed in the grand hall, chatting and enjoying the rare leisure time. 
… 
Meanwhile, in the Free Empire. 
Luxurious, towering buildings lined the streets, all constructed under the oppression of slaves by the previous king. 
Purely for aesthetic purposes. 
There were giant owls, huge horse sculptures, all lifelike. 
The whole scene was magnificent. 
On the streets, people bustled about, with children laughing and playing. 
The Free Empire’s population was small, only around two million, but because of Joan of Arc’s strength, the army only had to number around a hundred thousand, without fear of being attacked. 
As a result, the residents lived a relatively good life. 
However, recently, the Free Empire had taken in hundreds of thousands of refugees from the War Empire, and every household had to contribute one-third of their food. 
Meals were starting to feel a bit tight. 
Inside the Free Imperial Council meeting room. 
A group of elders was celebrating, “Your Highness Joan, you are truly the embodiment of both compassion and power! By liberating the War Empire, you’ll gain the devotion of many more people!” 
“Yes, your greatness is etched in our hearts!” 
“Please take care, Your Majesty, and recover soon!” 
Everyone spoke in turn. 
Joan, looking quite pleased, basked in their praise. 
Last time, she had taken a direct hit from Sara. 
Joan of Arc had exhausted all her divine power and had even been wounded by a fragment of a meteorite. At first, she hadn’t noticed, but later she realized that there was a hole pierced through her chest. 
Her leg was also wrapped in bandages. 
“Thank you all for your concern and praise. I am only doing what I must. I act for my people and for the peace of the world, doing what needs to be done,” Joan said in response. 
She added, “As for the food shortage, I’ll handle it. For now, let me check on how the refugees are being settled.” 
She walked onto the streets. 
The residents stood in neat lines, eagerly welcoming her arrival. 
One by one, they shed tears of joy, cheering and exclaiming: 
“Your Highness Joan, the goddess of my heart, please take care! Don’t get hurt again!” 
“Thank you, Your Highness, for saving me from the goblins!” 
“Joan is the true god, the one worthy of our faith!” 
Hearing their words of praise. 
Joan smiled, feeling deeply gratified. “As long as you are all like this, everything feels worthwhile! I also promise everyone, we will overthrow the Goblin Empire!” 
“Bzzzzz!” 
Suddenly. 
From the sky, a loud, urgent sound began to echo. It resembled the rapid vibration of insect wings. 
The noise was sharp, filling everyone with unease. 
When the crowd looked up in the direction of the sound. 
They all gasped in horror! 
A dense mass of creatures, like a dark cloud, blocked out the sky, swarming madly toward the Free Empire! 
Locusts!! 
A massive swarm of locusts! So numerous it was beyond imagination—just one glance was enough to make anyone’s skin crawl! 
Compared to this swarm of locusts. 
The Free Empire’s capital, spanning dozens of miles, seemed like a small boat in the vast ocean! 
Utterly insignificant! 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 209: Joan’s Powerless Rage! 
TL: Sungmin  
The devil locusts not only controlled the entire locust race, but even basic biological locusts fell under its command.  
The combined numbers of large and small locusts exceeded a billion.  
Wherever they passed, they instantly transformed the land into a desolate wasteland!  
Even the soil was devoured, a layer stripped away, followed by the consumption of every root and blade of grass.  
They would eat, defecate, and never stop.  
Amidst the vast, ocean-like swarm of locusts, a five-meter-tall black locust, covered in spines, gazed into the distance.  
“Is that the capital of the Free Empire? Begin! Leave no grain or anything edible behind!”  
“Buzz! Buzz! Buzz!” 
The locust swarm surged forward.  
As they swept through the forest, it was as though an eraser had passed over it.  
Trees vanished, leaving behind only overturned soil.  
Behind the swarm, the world was reduced to two colors, with no other trace of life remaining. 
The only colors left were the brown of the earth and the gray of locust dung. 
As the swarm approached, Joan’s expression grew heavy. “What’s going on? Locusts? Why would the insect race dare to summon such a massive locust army to attack human territory? Could it be… that Gabriel has blown the trumpet of the apocalypse? No, impossible.” 
According to the prophecies in the Book of Revelation, when the trumpet of the apocalypse sounded, seven disasters would descend, one of which was a plague of locusts controlled by angels to punish humanity. 
But this was nonsense. 
Joan’s dominion did not fall under the jurisdiction of the Edenic gods; she served the twelve Olympian gods.  
So she didn’t believe it was that. 
However, the current situation demanded an immediate solution to stop this locust swarm. Otherwise, nothing would remain. 
The buzzing grew louder and louder!  
Countless locusts poured down like a flood, invading the city! 
The residents screamed and ran towards their homes, but those who were too slow vanished on the spot! 
Joan felt helpless. Her divine power hadn’t fully recovered yet.  
Even if it had, how could she kill such tiny creatures?  
The sheer number was overwhelming.  
She watched in horror as several residents in front of her screamed in agony, their bodies crawling with locusts, being slowly devoured alive. 
“Lady Joan, save me!”  
“Where did these bugs come from? Stop biting me!”  
“It’s over, everything’s over. Running is pointless; we can’t survive this!” 
In the midst of despair, the entire city was engulfed by the locusts. From a distance, it looked like a tornado of insects had swallowed the place whole.  
Everything edible was consumed.  
The streets were littered with spotless skeletons, as clean as if they had been dead for decades.  
Chaos reigned in the city.  
It took about an hour for the locust swarm to disperse, moving on to ravage the nearby farmland. 
“This is bad!”  
Joan’s heart sank. If the crops in the fields were devoured this season,  
it would spell disaster. 
Famine would descend. 
Everyone, including herself, would starve to death!  
Even if she rushed to the fields now and used all her strength to attack, it would be useless—the locusts were far too many.  
Unless a dragon came and unleashed a breath of dragon fire.  
But the dragons were aligned with the goblins. 
The swarm passed. 
Fields of wheat and melons were reduced to nothing but soil and locust dung. 
Joan stood on the city walls in despair, suddenly struck by a thought. “Goblins! It must be him! Why… why can he control locusts too?! What kind of monster am I fighting…” 
Her aura deflated as she spoke. 
After a long time, 
everything returned to an eerie calm, but in everyone’s hearts, a storm raged. Every household’s food had been devoured. 
Some had been cooking meals, only to find even their pots had vanished. 
“What are we going to do? There’s no food left at home. If this continues, we’ll starve!”  
“I didn’t even get to eat today!”  
“Forget eating, look outside!!!”  
Bones, countless bones, littered the ground. It was a horrifying sight! 
Many people, too slow to escape, had been eaten alive by the locusts. Those who were lucky had at least left behind skeletons.  
Those targeted by the devil locusts had not even that much—no bones remained. 
Joan hurried out to reassure the people. “Everyone, don’t be afraid. This is not divine punishment, but an evil trick of the goblins. I will now go to other empires to buy food for everyone! Wait for me!” 
She immediately began preparations. 
Joan led a convoy and set off for the Holy Tree Empire. 
There was no time to lose. 
People needed food like they needed iron in their blood; missing one meal left them hungry. 
The round trip would take at least two days.  
If it took more than three, people might start dying of starvation. 
… 
In the Goblin King City,  
Lin Tian was discussing important matters with Sara. 
The guards stationed at the Holy Tree Empire, led by Gobu Kuang, hurried over and knocked on the gates. “Boss, just like you said, Joan and her people have arrived! They even forced their way in. We couldn’t beat them, so we ran away first.” 
“Got it. Go back and give her a message. Tell her that if she wants food, she must trade her body for it. If she wants the people in that city to survive, she must trade her life for it.” 
Lin Tian spoke calmly. 
Upon hearing this, Gobu Kuang nodded. “Understood, boss!” 
With renewed courage, they teleported back. 
… 
In the Holy Tree Empire, Joan stared in disbelief at the devastation and the empty streets. “How… how could this have happened? When did the goblins take over the Holy Tree Empire?!” 
Her gaze lifted to the dead Holy Tree. 
A deep sense of dread welled up inside her. Seeing such a powerful being reduced to death stirred a primal fear in her human heart. 
Because it signaled danger. 
“Even the Holy Tree…” 
Joan’s expression grew complex. She had never imagined a goblin could achieve something like this. 
But there was no time to dwell on it. 
She rushed to the granary of the Holy Tree Empire. 
With a mighty swing, she cleaved open the massive iron doors. 
“Load up everything! Let’s head back quickly; the goblins might launch an attack any moment now,” Joan ordered. 
But the next second, she stood frozen. 
The granary was completely empty, not even a speck of dust remained! 
Joan, like a child who had lost her favorite toy, rushed inside, frantically searching everywhere. “What the hell is he trying to do?!” 
“Your Highness, what should we do now?” 
“The goblins are terrifying. Controlling locusts, destroying the Holy Tree Empire, taking everything…” the soldiers who accompanied her shivered, their faces filled with despair. 
Joan looked out at the desolate scene. “Search the city again. There must be something left!” 
They moved quickly, but after hours of searching, they found nothing. 
“Damn goblins! Do you intend to starve us to death? I won’t let you succeed! I’ll defeat you and end your evil life!” Joan cursed bitterly, but she was powerless for now. 
Suddenly, 
Gobu Kuang and his group appeared on the city walls, looking down at her. “Your Majesty Joan, we’ve come with a message from the boss.” 
Joan turned toward the voice, her anger boiling over, clouding her mind! 
She wanted to draw her sword and slaughter Gobu Kuang and his group right then and there. 
But these were just messengers. 
Killing them would make her no better than the goblins. 
“Hmph, I don’t want to hear it! If your boss has something to say, let him come in person! I swear, I’ll cut off his head!” Joan spat, her tone filled with hatred and determination. 
But Gobu Kuang ignored her anger. “Suit yourself. We’re just here to relay a message. The boss says if you want food, trade your body. If you want the people of the Free Empire to live, trade your life.” 
“Bullshit! Damn goblin, say one more word and I’ll kill you all!” 
“We’ll never sell out Lady Joan for a bite of food!” a soldier shouted. 
“As long as Lady Joan survives and kills all you goblins, I’m fine with starving to death!” another soldier angrily added. 
Joan, looking at Gobu Kuang, didn’t bother to respond. “Tell your boss, next time I see him, I’ll chop off his head! I’ll end his evil reign!” 
“Is that so? I think next time you see our boss, you’ll be stripped naked, hahaha!” Gobu Kuang mocked. 
Gobu Shan chimed in, “Next time we meet, you better be ready to become a mother! Keh keh keh!” 
Joan’s hands trembled with hatred. 
But she suppressed her fury. “Foolish low-level monsters, do you really think you can defeat us with a swarm of locusts? There are plenty of other places with food!” 
Gobu Kuang and his group said no more. They entered the magic circle and vanished. 
“We’re leaving. Although the Giant Elephant Empire usually doesn’t get along with us, if I ask, they will definitely help,” Joan reassured her people. 
But one of the soldiers hesitated, his expression complicated. “Your Highness, if we go to the Giant Elephant Empire, the round trip will take at least seven days…” 
Upon hearing this, 
Joan seethed with rage, her fury and helplessness roiling inside her like a storm. She wanted nothing more than to fly over and kill Lin Tian, but there was no way to act on her rage. 
It was nothing more than a powerless tantrum. 
Seven days. 
In that time, the people who followed her—some of them would surely starve to death. 
“Let’s go… Seven days, just seven days…” Joan forced herself to remain calm. 
The group could only nod. 
But in the next instant, a piercing sound, like the roar of a dragon, echoed through the air as a sword was unsheathed! 
“Shing!” 
The Sword of Faith, filled with boundless fury, unleashed its power! 
In a flash, the buildings within a few kilometers were flattened, and a wild gale tore through the area! 
Dust and debris filled the sky, mirroring the restless turmoil inside Joan’s heart. 
Everyone was too terrified to speak. 
It was the first time they had ever seen Joan lose her temper—she was always so composed and serene. 
Then, 
the convoy began its journey to the Giant Elephant Empire. 
This was their last hope. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 210: Seeking Help from the Troy Empire 
TL: Sungmin  
“Goblin, I will kill you, I will kill you, I will kill you…” 
All the way, Joan of Arc muttered incessantly as if possessed. 
Her beautiful eyes had become dark and eerie, filled with bloodshot veins! 
She had never experienced such a failure, nor had she ever endured such humiliation. 
Now, not only could she not avenge herself, but she also had to watch her people starve while searching for food. 
“Your Highness, please don’t be like this. They won’t blame you; you’ve always acted for everyone’s good.” 
“That’s right, it’s just goblins. We’ll go kill them when the time comes.” 
“Come on, let’s head to the Giant Elephant Empire first.” 
With the understanding and comfort of her companions, Joan of Arc’s self-blame and resentment eased a little. 
They hastened towards the Giant Elephant Empire, for time was extremely tight. 
It would take at least seven days to go back and forth. 
By then, it was very likely people would have already starved to death. 
A whirlwind of dust swept through the air as the convoy sped towards the Giant Elephant Empire! 
Soon, they arrived at the towering city walls. 
Thump! 
However, Joan of Arc and her group’s hearts suddenly trembled. 
Staring at the damaged city gates and the ruined walls, an ominous feeling rose within them. 
They rushed inside without delay. 
There was nothing—only desolation and ruins. It was evident that this had become a ghost town! 
“Impossible! Impossible! How could this be!!!” 
Joan of Arc hurried towards the granary. 
It was exactly the same as in the Holy Tree Empire. 
Empty, not even a trace of dust left! 
At this point, the soldiers who had still held onto hope began to panic. “Could it be that the goblins… have conquered both of the Great Empires at the same time? How is that even possible?!” 
“All the food is gone… Are we really going to starve to death?” 
“What do we do, what do we do?!” 
Seeing her people like this, Joan of Arc nearly broke down herself, but she forced herself to stay calm. “Alright, don’t panic. Keep searching. Maybe we can still find some food.” 
“Your Highness, forget it. This is all part of the goblins’ scheme. They want to starve us out. There’s no way they’d leave food behind in the city…” 
One of the soldiers spoke gravely. 
Joan’s breathing became erratic, and she stammered, “There… there’s still…” 
She wanted to say there was still hope. 
But looking at the situation now, hope seemed nonexistent. 
There were other small countries they could go to, but they were far away—at least a month’s journey. 
By the time they returned with food, the city would already be filled with bones. 
Suddenly, Joan thought of something. “Right, the Troy Empire!” 
“But Your Highness, we have some grudges with the Troy Empire. Will their king even give us food? And, it will take at least ten days to travel back and forth.” 
The soldier’s face was still full of despair. 
Joan of Arc couldn’t afford to care about grudges. “We have to try! Ten days, twenty days—at least it’s better than returning empty-handed.” 
“Then let’s go, everyone!” 
The group set off once again. 
However, they had been starving for days. Aside from getting lucky and finding a few wild fruits, they had eaten nothing. 
The fruit didn’t fill them, and one by one, they became weak and faint, their consciousness growing hazy. 
Though Joan was a demigod and could endure a little longer, she wasn’t in much better shape. 
Moreover, the Troy Empire was a desert kingdom. 
The scorching heat accelerated the loss of their energy. 
Finally, they reached the walls of Troy. 
Upon learning that it was the demigod Joan of Arc, the King of Troy gathered a large number of soldiers atop the city walls and coldly asked, “Hmph! What are you here for? Do you intend to attack me with just this small group? Isn’t that a bit too arrogant?” 
“No, I… Our Free Empire has been struck by locusts and famine. We’re here to seek aid, hoping that you can set aside past grudges and provide us with some food for disaster relief…” 
Joan weakly replied, her lips dry and cracked from the oppressive heat. 
Her eyes were filled with desperation. 
Hearing this, the King of Troy sneered, “Hahaha! I never thought I’d see the high-and-mighty Saint Joan of Arc begging me for help! Let me tell you this—it’s impossible!!! Have you forgotten the enmity between us?” 
The kingdom Joan had once overthrown was a vassal of the Troy Empire. 
Thus, deep animosity had existed between the two ever since. 
Moreover, the people of Troy had long harbored resentment toward demigods, believing that their own heroic powers were no less than divine power, yet it was always the demigods who received the highest praise and glory. 
Most importantly, the Sara incident had left the King of Troy extremely dissatisfied. There was no way he’d be willing to help her. 
He shouted harshly, “If you’ve come to declare war, I will gladly accept! But if you’re here to beg for help? Two words—GET LOST!!” 
“We… we can pay. Even at high prices, we’ll pay twice the amount in gold!” 
Joan’s face was filled with fear. She didn’t dare imagine what would happen if she were refused! 
But her words only further enraged the King of Troy. 
It was because of the desire to make money that they had sent Sara to the Goblin Empire, which led to that incident. 
In a fit of rage, the King of Troy snarled, “Get out! Get as far away from here as possible! If you weren’t so weak right now, I would have already attacked you!” 
“Consider yourself lucky. We are noble Trojans! Honor above all else, or else today you would have died!” 
After speaking, the King of Troy waved his sleeve grandly and left with his soldiers. 
Joan of Arc and her group were left standing there in despair and hunger, stunned for a long time as if they were being punished to remain in place. 
That feeling of helplessness spread through Joan’s entire body. She no longer knew what to do. 
A few soldiers glanced around at the vast, barren desert, thinking of hunting some animals to eat, but there were none to be found. 
One of them spoke in frustration, “Your Highness, let’s leave. This place is too desolate. We’re too hungry; let’s go to the forest and find something to eat.” 
Joan sat motionless on her horse, as if she had turned to stone, not uttering a single word. 
The soldiers had no choice but to lead the horse away. 
On their way back, they searched the fields and forests for a long time, but they couldn’t find a single animal. The local wildlife had long been hunted by the former residents. 
This place was nothing like the Goblin Empire. 
Unlike there, where food and clothing were plentiful, here, people were tightening their belts just to survive. Any creature visible had already been caught and eaten. 
Finally, after a grueling struggle, they managed to catch a few small birds to roast and fill their stomachs. 
But the birds were difficult to catch, and they had little strength left. Using magic to hunt them would have cost more energy than it was worth. 
In this world, magic power, also known as mana, was equivalent to physical stamina. 
“Your Highness! Quick, something’s wrong with the queen!” 
Suddenly, while sitting by the campfire, Joan of Arc’s vision darkened, and she collapsed to the ground. 
The overwhelming weight on her heart had exhausted her mentally, causing her to faint from the strain. 
When she woke up again, she was lying on her horse, and as she looked around, she realized they were almost back to Free City. 
Then, something struck her as odd. 
They had originally set out with thirty people and five horses. The horses had mostly been spared by the locust plague, and these five were the only ones left. 
Now, though the horses were still fine, there were clearly fewer people—only twenty remained! 
Joan of Arc couldn’t help but ask, “Where are the others? Where did they go?!” 
Upon hearing this, the soldiers all lowered their heads, unwilling to answer directly. 
Joan’s feelings of powerlessness and despair deepened. “Idiots! Why didn’t you eat the horses first? How could you do something like that?! What makes you any different from goblins?!” 
“Your Highness! These horses are the empire’s last hope. We… we couldn’t bring ourselves to eat them!” the soldier captain stepped forward, his face streaked with tears. 
He looked utterly helpless. 
These past days had been a living hell. 
His eyes were bloodshot, dark circles heavy beneath them, and though he had eaten, he looked like a half-dead man, completely haggard. 
It was terrifying. 
They had made a pact—whoever fainted from hunger or exhaustion would be sacrificed for the survival of the group. 
So, everyone had fought to stay awake, afraid to collapse, knowing that once they did, they would never rise again. 
Joan’s expression turned somber. She couldn’t bring herself to blame them. If she hadn’t provoked the goblins, none of this would have happened. 
She sighed in resignation, “Let’s go. Let’s return and assess the situation. If things get worse, we’ll eat leaves and grass to survive.” 
“We’ve already filled several carts with grass and leaves. Hopefully, it’ll help us hold out,” the captain said, glancing behind them. 
Within dozens of miles around the Free Empire, every blade of grass and leaf had already been devoured by the locusts. 
So they had prepared in advance. 
With a heavy heart, Joan finally entered the gates of Free City. 
Upon hearing the commotion, a large number of residents swarmed out like ravenous ghosts! 
At the sight of them, even Joan of Arc was so frightened she wanted to dismount and flee! 
They truly resembled a horde of starving ghouls. 
Their faces were yellow and emaciated, their cheeks sunken in from hunger, and their hands were like chicken claws—thin and bony. 
Their entire bodies were filthy, covered in grime, and they emitted a nauseating stench! 
Their eyes burned like ghostly flames, desperate for food, desperate to survive! 
They surged out in droves like zombies, mumbling unintelligible words with their lips. 
They were so starved they could barely form coherent speech. 
“Your Highness! Save me! I’m starving to death!” 
“Food! Give me food!!!” 
“My child… Your Highness, you must help me! My child disappeared last night! It’s very possible that… it’s very possible that… wuu wuu wuu!” 
“You heartless woman, how dare you speak?! My child went to your house to play and disappeared completely!” 
The ones still able to speak hadn’t yet starved completely. 
The others had already rushed toward the carts. 
Joan of Arc’s face darkened, unsure of how to face these people. “I’m sorry, everyone, but the food…” 
She had thought they wouldn’t eat the grass and leaves. 
However, one by one, like starving demons, they began fighting over the leaves and grass. 
They stuffed them into their mouths, shoving huge bites into their bellies. 
The sensation of being full spread across their faces.  
Watching this scene unfold… 
Joan of Arc furrowed her brow and couldn’t help but ask, “Captain, how many days did our return trip take? No, how long have we been gone in total? Why is it like this?” 
“Y-Your Highness, fifteen days, maybe twenty? I can’t quite remember…” the captain stammered, his eyes drifting. 
Each soldier had fought to stay conscious, refusing to faint or fall asleep, leaving them all half-dead. 
Their pace had slowed to nearly half its usual speed. 
In Joan’s mind, it felt as if thunder had exploded! 
A deafening roar! 
Twenty days! 
She didn’t dare imagine the horrors that had taken place in the city during those twenty days! 
Even the soldiers, who had the luxury of being outdoors with access to leaves, grass, and the occasional bird, had resorted to cannibalism in the end. 
In a city like Free City, where there wasn’t a single grain of rice within dozens of miles… 
How these people had managed to survive—there was no doubt about it… 
You can read extra chapters at <a href="https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/">Etude Translations</a> linked to Patreon! <a href="https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/">https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/</a> 
If you have any questions about updates, join our Discord: <a href="https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC">https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC</a> 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 211: Agony Beyond Words, a Strike from a Little Girl 
TL: Sungmin  
“Delicious! So delicious!” 
“Don’t you dare snatch it from me!! I’ll kill anyone who dares!!” 
“Get lost! Get lost!” 
In the chaos of the crowd fighting for food, Joan was shoved aside. She had to leap onto the city wall just to find a place to stand. 
In just ten minutes. 
Not even the leaves or grass were left, and the five meat horses had been devoured completely! 
There wasn’t even a trace of blood left on the ground. 
Even the wagon clips and burlap shelters had been eaten clean! 
It was a terrifying sight. 
And yet, it wasn’t nearly enough for over two million people. 
After the first group finished gorging themselves. 
Another group of cunning individuals waited nearby, their eyes dangerous and terrifying like monsters, staring hungrily at those who had eaten their fill. 
They licked their lips with frenzy. 
Because those people would be their next meal. 
Sure enough. 
After consuming a massive amount of leaves and grass, many began writhing in pain on the ground, unable to bear the agony! Sweat as large as beans dotted their foreheads. 
“Ahh, my stomach, someone help me!” 
“My stomach’s going to explode, what’s happening?!” 
“Your Highness Joan, anyone, please help me, I can’t take it anymore!” 
After an hour of continuous screams. 
One by one, people began fainting or passing out. 
In an instant! 
The cunning group waiting to feast on flesh rushed forward like ravenous wolves, tearing and devouring their victims alive! 
The sound of chewing flesh was chilling, like the whispers of demons! 
Joan stood on the city wall, trembling uncontrollably as she watched. Her heart felt as if someone was stabbing it repeatedly with a knife! 
“It’s all changed, everything has changed. How did it come to this? Is the Free Empire still a place fit for human survival?” 
The citizens before her. 
They were more terrifying than monsters. 
Yet despite all this, there were still many who hadn’t eaten. 
Especially those previously imprisoned in the War Empire. 
They regretted everything! 
“I want to go back to the War Empire, I want to be ruled by the goblins again!” 
“Why did you save me?! I was perfectly fine there!” 
“Damn it! Damn it all! I’d rather breed goblins than stay in this hellhole!” 
A group of people stared at Joan on the city wall with venomous hatred. 
She averted her gaze, unable to meet their eyes, but her heart was filled with frustration! 
She had saved them, and now they were blaming her. 
But this disaster was indeed her doing, and she had no face to argue back. 
In the end. 
She helplessly looked at everyone and said, “Rest assured, we will get through this! If we all work together, we can rebuild and, after that, we’ll destroy the goblins and live an even better life!” 
However, the residents did not believe her words at all. 
Talking about grand futures at a time like this—people were starving to death! 
“Your Highness, forget about defeating goblins, just surviving is already a problem! How are we supposed to get through this?!” 
“I’m so hungry, if a goblin gave me food right now, I’d rather be ruled by them!” 
“We’re all doomed, we’re all going to die!” 
“Your Highness, take a look behind you, at those bones. Maybe the next one will be you, or maybe it’ll be me…” 
At that. 
Joan turned around and saw the snow-white bones scattered all over the city! 
The sight nearly suffocated her. 
Though she had been through countless battles and wasn’t afraid of such things, it was the fact that her own failure had caused this. 
Joan’s face turned grim as she tried to say something more. 
Suddenly. 
From the distance, a vast goblin army was charging toward them! Their ranks seemed endless, and their imposing presence was overwhelming! 
The residents were terrified and scattered in all directions. In their current state, they had no strength to resist the goblins. 
However, the refugees from the War Empire remained where they were. 
They knelt on the ground, bowing and kowtowing! 
Joan’s face grew even darker, but she had no choice but to draw the Sacred Sword of Faith, ready to fight. “I knew you evil goblins would come…” 
But at first glance. 
The Sacred Sword of Faith had already dimmed and rusted, having lost its former power. 
In such circumstances, who would still believe in her? They’d rather worship the god of food. 
“It’s been a while, Your Highness Joan! Here I am!” 
Lin Tian rode atop Little Black, descending like a demon king, his presence overwhelming! 
Below him, a hundred thousand goblins were enough to fill the field! 
There were also many demi-human monsters from Goblin City, all gathered for one reason: to witness Lin Tian defeat Joan. 
They wanted to see this legendary event unfold. 
As Lin Tian gazed at the desolate and miserable Free City. 
He couldn’t help but laugh. “Your Highness Joan, it seems like you’ve been having a rough time lately. The so-called greatest Free Empire isn’t even as good as my pigsty, hahahaha!” 
“What is it you want?!” 
Joan gathered all her strength and raised her voice, attempting to assert her dominance. 
But with no food to eat, where could she find the energy? 
“What am I here for? Obviously, for revenge. Have you forgotten that we declared war on each other? Are you scared?” Lin Tian sneered. 
Joan’s eyes were filled with disdain. “Afraid of you? I’ve never been afraid of anyone! Especially not an ugly, low-level goblin like you! Hmph, you’ll never rise above me!” 
At these words. 
Lin Tian’s eyes narrowed, full of killing intent. 
At this moment, the refugees from the War Empire began kowtowing fervently. 
“Your Goblin Majesty, we were wrong. Please, take us back!” 
“We’re willing to breed goblins for you, voluntarily! As long as you give us food and let us survive!” 
“This place is real hell! Being ruled by Your Goblin Majesty is my greatest wish!” 
“Please, we beg you!” 
Seeing these people, Lin Tian raised an eyebrow. “Oh? Still alive, are you? Didn’t I tell you before that you’d regret this?” 
“We know we were wrong, Your Majesty! This place is hell! My child, my friends—they all disappeared for no reason, or perhaps were…” A woman wept as she spoke. 
Lin Tian laughed mockingly, “Is that so? Well, that’s wonderful. They’ve gone to heaven, haven’t they? You should be happy.” 
“Don’t push it too far! If you want a fight, let’s have a one-on-one duel. Do you dare?!” Joan raised the rusted Sacred Sword, her voice cold. 
But Lin Tian didn’t respond. 
A duel? That wasn’t why he was here. 
He was here to savor Joan’s slow, painful death. 
Below, Gobu Kuang sneered, “Hmph, you lot still want food? Go eat shit! Useless fools, given a chance, but still good for nothing!” 
Hearing this. 
Lin Tian furrowed his brow. “Hiss! Wait… didn’t your ‘queen’ tell you how to survive?” 
The residents looked confused. 
They didn’t understand what he was talking about. 
Joan’s eyes trembled, a deep fear welling inside her. She was terrified! 
Because Lin Tian had told her that if she offered her body, food would be given. 
If she sacrificed her life. 
It would ensure the survival of the people. 
But she didn’t want to die. She wanted to live, to stay alive and create value, to save even more people. 
In truth, she had never been a saint, only someone who enjoyed being surrounded and worshipped. 
The feeling of being revered as a symbol of faith. 
That’s why she foolishly decided to rescue the refugees from the War Empire. 
“You’re trying to stir up conflict between us! Some see me as a mother, others as a daughter. They would never…” Joan began. 
Suddenly, a voice from the crowd interrupted her. 
“What?! We… we can survive?!” 
“If that’s the case, and we can get food, then why not have Joan sacrifice herself? It’s not that big a deal anyway!” 
“Exactly! Didn’t she claim she was here to save us? How could she keep such a thing from us? That’s despicable!” 
“I thought she was like a goddess, but now I see she’s just a coward! A disgrace!” 
The eyes that once gazed upon her with reverence now brimmed with hatred! 
Joan felt as though a knife had been thrust into her heart. “Soldiers! You… why are you doing this to me? I freed you from slavery, taught you how to fight, gave you freedom and strength!!!” 
In the crowd. 
The soldiers who had once fought alongside her couldn’t bring themselves to meet her eyes. 
Because they were the ones who had revealed this secret. 
“Your Highness Joan! Why are you just standing there? Are you really going to watch us die?!” 
“Sacrificing your body won’t kill you, so just do it already!” 
“You hypocrite! I see you clearly now, Davens Joan! You’re nothing but a false god!” 
Voices of venomous curses echoed! 
Countless fingers were pointed at her, accusing her with relentless fury! 
Joan’s legs weakened, and she stumbled back several steps, nearly falling from the city wall. She shook her head in disbelief, despair, and pain. The overwhelming negative emotions were consuming her! 
Unable to hold back, she shouted in desperation, “What are you all saying?! I fought with my own blood to free you! I gave you homes, identities, and new lives! 
Why?! Why should I be the one to sacrifice?! It should be you! You’re the despicable ones, all of you!” 
She no longer resembled the heroic and noble figure from before. 
Now, she looked more like a common woman quarreling in the streets. 
Her voice was hoarse as she screamed. 
“False god! False god! False god!!!” 
The entire Free City echoed with those two words! 
Like thunder, they boomed from all sides, crashing down upon Joan. 
Hundreds of thousands, even millions, of fingers pointed at her like sharp blades! 
Pressing closer with every step! 
The suffocating pressure! 
Joan’s pupils trembled, and the Sacred Sword in her hand fell to the ground. 
She was on the verge of collapse! 
She had fought so hard to give them a better life, and now these same people were pushing her toward death! 
Suddenly. 
Lost in thought. 
Joan felt an excruciating pain in her back and swiftly turned around. 
She saw the little girl she had rescued from the War Empire not long ago. 
The girl now looked like a devil—gaunt and terrifying, grinning maliciously. “Sister, can you please die for me? I’m still young, I don’t want to die… I just want to eat.” 
In the little girl’s hand. 
Was the Sacred Sword that had fallen, and she had plunged it viciously into the gap in Joan’s light armor, piercing her body. 
Though the wound wasn’t deep. 
To Joan, it felt more painful than a stab to the heart! 
“So, have you decided to sacrifice yourself yet, my dear Majesty Joan of Arc? Keh keh keh…” Lin Tian laughed darkly. 
This was the moment he had been waiting for—the moment she would be in agony beyond words. 
You can read extra chapters at <a href="https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/">Etude Translations</a> linked to Patreon! <a href="https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/">https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/</a> 
If you have any questions about updates, join our Discord: <a href="https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC">https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC</a> 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 212: The Terror that Surpasses a Demon King! 
TL: Sungmin  
“Why are you asking me to die? I just saved you from the ruins!”  
Joan of Arc angrily questioned the young girl. She reached out, gripping her shoulders, shaking her.  
In an instant, the little girl burst into tears, crying out in pain, “Don’t kill me! Don’t kill me…”  
“Look at this false god, she’s losing her temper!”  
“Stop it! Are you going to hurt even a child now?”  
“Everyone, let’s take her down together! We must defeat this false god!” 
Seeing this, the starving masses, bloodlust in their eyes, rushed forward. Whether driven by a sense of justice or the evil within their hearts, it was hard to tell. 
They swarmed Joan of Arc, attacking her wildly.  
Her former allies and friends? They hit even harder than the rest!  
By now, Joan of Arc was so weak from hunger that she couldn’t even catch her breath, much less fight back.  
Within moments, she collapsed, unable to move. 
Lin Tian stood by, watching with a playful expression on his face. “Hypocritical people fighting a hypocritical god, how amusing.”  
“Your Goblin Majesty! We offer Joan of Arc to you! Please, just give us some food in return!”  
The soldier captain stepped forward, kneeling as he spoke. 
Several starving civilians dragged Joan of Arc out, placing her before him.  
Then, the entire city began to kneel, pleading desperately.  
The scene was filled with irony! 
The demi-humans around couldn’t believe their eyes. “The Goblin King really, really defeated Joan of Arc!?” 
“Incredible! His methods are terrifying!”  
“If something like this happened to me, I’d rather die. Such cruelty, to make someone wish for death!”  
“These methods are so satisfying! That Joan of Arc, always waving her so-called ‘justice’ around, how many of us demi-humans and monsters did she kill? What His Majesty did is such sweet revenge! Hahaha!” 
And it wasn’t just them. 
The One-Eyed Owl and the others drew in sharp breaths. “How is this possible… That guy is far more terrifying than I ever imagined!”  
They had always thought Lin Tian just had a bit of strength. 
But now? 
He was a being far more terrifying than even a demon king!  
A demigod, played with like this, reduced to something less than a dog!  
Unbelievable! 
“Your Goblin Majesty, your strength and wisdom have completely won me over. Such glory, even the greatest figures of our empire could not achieve in a hundred years!” 
Sara stood beside him, her eyes filled with admiration, reverence written all over her face. 
Toying with a demigod, without losing a single soldier!  
It was far more impressive than defeating one through brute force, and the glory was incomparable!  
She was deeply envious. If only it were her who had defeated Joan of Arc in such a way. 
At this moment. 
Lin Tian slowly dismounted from Little Black, like a demon king walking toward the Free Empire. 
“This…” 
The soldier captain and the starving masses, their hearts pounded wildly, overwhelmed by the pressure of his presence.  
They tried to suppress their fear, pressing their faces into the dirt, hoping that not seeing him would make them less afraid.  
But Lin Tian paid them no attention. His gaze was fixed on the slender, disheveled Joan of Arc. 
“Are you happy now?” Joan of Arc spat bitterly, trembling with fear as she slowly backed away. “Why… why would a goblin like you win? Why should I lose? Am I not supposed to represent justice? Why… just why…?” 
Lin Tian sneered, “Why? Who told you that justice always wins? If you’re so fond of extreme personal heroism, you’re better off reading a novel. Not here!” 
He then reached out his foot, stepping firmly onto her soft back, preventing her from escaping. 
The sensation made Joan of Arc shudder as if struck by lightning. Fear consumed her heart. 
She reached out toward the townsfolk she had once saved. “Everyone, please, save me! Please save me! I don’t want to fall into the hands of a goblin! I don’t want to die! Please, I’m begging you!”  
“Your… Your Highness…”  
The soldier captain and the others hesitated, exchanging glances.  
Seeing Joan of Arc’s tear-filled eyes and pleading expression, they ultimately chose to ignore her, stepping back a few paces. 
This action. 
It was the final straw that broke the camel’s back! 
Unwillingness, hatred, and despair surged through Joan of Arc’s entire being! 
Tears streamed down her face as she screamed with all her remaining strength, “You evil creatures! I will never forgive you!!!” 
“Buzz!!” 
A violent surge of divine power erupted from her. 
It shot toward the sky! 
The clouds, thick with gloom, scattered as sunlight poured down. The light of hope was ignited at this moment! 
A magic array of the Divine Domain spread its glow across the land! 
The pressure surged! 
The One-Eyed Owl and her comrades’ expressions changed. “Damn, has she awakened?” 
“This… Lady Joan of Arc! We…”  
The soldier captain and the others were equally stunned, unsure of which side to choose. 
What if Joan of Arc awakened and grew stronger, defeating the goblin? Then, they would all be killed. 
However, suddenly. 
Lin Tian pressed her down to the ground, unleashing his Hero’s Power! 
A sinister black goblin demon formed in the air, crashing into the Divine Domain. 
Hero’s Power was unaffected by a demigod’s domain. 
Of course, it had no effect on true gods. 
“Crack!” 
The sound of the Divine Domain shattering could be heard. 
Because Joan of Arc was weak at the moment, she couldn’t withstand Lin Tian’s Hero’s Power at all. 
On the ground, Joan’s eyes were still filled with divine light, but Lin Tian suddenly grabbed her by the neck, pinning her down tightly. 
The Divine Domain disappeared, and slowly, she began to recover. 
Unwillingly, she shouted, “You! How is this possible! You’re just a goblin, how do you have Hero’s Power?!” 
Suddenly, she realized something—it was the goblin’s Gene Devour. 
Hero’s Power was precisely a talent from the Trojans. 
“Why! Why am I failing? You evil beings, I curse you all!!!” 
Joan could no longer hold back her pain, tears streaming down her face as she glared hatefully at the starving townspeople. 
However, 
Crying was useless. 
Lin Tian showed no mercy. He extended his sharp claws, lightly swiping them like scissors! 
The sound of fabric tearing echoed! 
Joan of Arc tried to resist, but with Lin Tian’s grip tight around her throat, she was on the verge of suffocation. Her eyes and mouth leaked a flood of saliva. 
In the end, Lin Tian pressed her head into the dirt, her nose and mouth filled with soil, treated like livestock. 
She couldn’t even scream anymore. 
The shame and the tearing pain from behind drove her to the brink of madness! 
Her flawless body— 
Lin Tian naturally wouldn’t let it go, and in front of everyone, he declared that even a demigod was only worthy of being trampled beneath a goblin’s feet! 
Hearing Joan of Arc’s rhythmic screams of agony— 
The demi-humans and monsters behind him were filled with excitement, cheering, “Long live the Goblin King!!!” 
“Even a god is just a toy for the goblins, hahaha!” 
“To think that His Majesty’s promise would come true so soon, it’s too ruthless!” 
“I’m so envious! Such a beautiful human woman, and a demigod at that! I’m dying of jealousy!” 
“This is the strongest monster I’ve ever seen! A demon king? Hah, what a joke! Can a demon king crush a demigod beneath his feet and rule over her? Absolutely not!” 
As the monsters’ cheers echoed. 
And Joan’s cries of despair filled the air, the starving townspeople remained unmoved. Their minds were consumed by a single thought—food. 
After a long while. 
Joan of Arc had passed out completely, her life and death uncertain. 
Seeing Lin Tian stop, the soldier captain quickly asked, “Your Goblin Majesty, can… can we have some food now?” 
“You want food? Very well. Go wait in the city, and it will be distributed shortly.” Lin Tian replied. 
Upon hearing this, the soldier captain was overjoyed, ecstatic with gratitude! 
“Let’s go, let’s go! His Majesty Goblin is going to give us food! Hahaha!” 
Everyone returned to the city, filled with hope and joy as they waited. 
Lin Tian turned his gaze upwards and asked, “Little Black, what do you think—should these people live or die?” 
“Father, I don’t think they’re even human anymore. They’re worse than monsters. They disgust me.” 
Little Black, now in her dragon form, spoke in a voice rough and thunderous, filled with fury. 
She found their true nature revolting. 
Even the One-Eyed Owl and the others agreed. “Just wipe out those people already, kid. I actually feel sorry for that woman!” 
Of course, it wasn’t Joan of Arc’s suffering they pitied. 
It was the actions of those starving townspeople, worse than goblins. 
In this world, that was just how it was. The victors were kings, and the losers? Not even bandits, but merely objects to be used as one pleased. 
Alice was well aware of this fact. She even felt a sense of kinship with Joan of Arc. 
But she was fortunate enough to have divine guidance, avoiding the same fate. 
In the end, the very thing Joan had sworn to protect became the blade that killed her. 
And so. 
Lin Tian chuckled softly, “Alright then, Joan of Arc, before your death, I’ve avenged you. Little Black, burn them all to the ground.” 
“Whoosh!” 
With a single beat of her dragon wings, Little Black surged toward the city. 
The flames of annihilation ignited the entire city in an instant! It was like a sea of black fire—an overwhelming and shocking sight! 
“Your Goblin Majesty, why?! Didn’t we do as you asked!?” 
“Save me! What kind of fire is this? It can’t be put out!” 
“Ahhh!!!” 
As their pitiful cries echoed. 
Joan of Arc, in her hazy consciousness, began to laugh foolishly. Her laughter was filled with relief, as though a massive weight had been lifted from her shoulders. 
“Crack!” 
Suddenly. 
A crisp sound rang out. 
Lin Tian began devouring Joan of Arc—it was necessary for his evolution. 
And it was also his revenge. 
Not only had she meddled in his affairs, but she had also disrupted his empire, crippled the goblins, and destroyed the war empire he had painstakingly built. 
Before long, he had devoured everything. 
‘Evolution Progress (2/10)’ 
He still needed eight more. Lin Tian wasn’t sure whether to feel pleased or troubled as he looked out over the vast wilderness. 
There were no more demigods left. 
Lin Tian could only set his sights on the demigod empires outside the Uninhabted Zone. 
Though those monstrous beings were feared and avoided by all, Lin Tian didn’t care about any of that when it came to his evolution. 
This scene. 
It left a profound impact on the demi-humans and monsters. 
Only two words remained in their minds. 
Terrifying! 
This goblin was an existence even more terrifying than a demon king. 
He was utterly unpredictable. If they followed his orders, they could avoid a gruesome fate like the starving townspeople. 
If they disobeyed, Joan of Arc was a living, bloody example. 
So, they had no choice but to dutifully do what was expected of them, without daring to harbor any rebellious thoughts. 
You can read extra chapters at <a href="https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/">Etude Translations</a> linked to Patreon! <a href="https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/">https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/</a> 
If you have any questions about updates, join our Discord: <a href="https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC">https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC</a> 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 213: The Unusual Old Man 
TL: Sungmin  
“Let’s go. There’s no more value here. Sara, tell me some things about the Troy Empire.” 
Lin Tian turned around casually, speaking with ease and satisfaction. 
After devouring Joan of Arc, his stats had increased, and his combat power had risen by a solid three thousand! 
He had now reached a total of thirteen thousand. 
If he could gather more demigods, his strength would skyrocket even further! 
But they had to be female. 
However, demigods were already rare on this continent, let alone female ones. Plus, dealing with them carried risks since they were usually the illegitimate children of gods. 
After all, they were the offspring of divine beings. 
Thinking about gods, Lin Tian became even more excited, imagining controlling the world and manipulating all living beings. 
What would happen if a god fell into his hands? 
He suddenly grew interested in the legendary mother of Joan of Arc—Athena, the Goddess of War. 
But he quickly snapped out of it. 
Such fantasies were best left to idle daydreams for now. 
If he had relied solely on mating to gain strength from the beginning, he never would have made it this far. 
Developing his own power and gradually gaining control of the entire wilderness was the priority. 
At that point, he could focus on strengthening his team in preparation for breaking through the wilderness and hunting demigods. 
On the way back, Sara was already overwhelmed with emotion, eager for the day to come. 
Although it was because of Lin Tian that her reputation had been ruined, if she could bring the kind of glory that might save the Troy Empire, it would be a blessing. 
“The Troy Empire, aside from us Trojan heroes, also has three powerful war gods. Each of them is as strong as a Demon King. 
My father… no, the King of Troy, also possesses a Sun-Class magic tool, the Millennial Eye, capable of unleashing destructive light. As for the rest, I don’t think you need to worry.” 
Sara explained patiently, directly revealing the Empire’s secrets. 
Lin Tian nodded, “So, it’s mostly about the top-level combat power. I’ll handle it.” 
It was exactly as he expected. 
Now, it was no longer about winning through the sheer number of soldiers. 
It was all about high-level power. 
Focusing only on the development of the lower ranks while ignoring top-tier strength would be foolish. 
Gobu Kuang and the others were no longer useful in this phase. 
But having been loyal and following him for so long, Lin Tian couldn’t just abandon them. 
The same went for Gobu Yue, Lia, Goblin Slayer, and Kasservy—all of their combat strengths were now falling behind. 
Even Alice had weakened. 
Though Sylph had helped suppress her Darkspawn side, her power had actually diminished a little. 
“Forget it. Thinking too much is making my head hurt. Let’s deal with the Troy Empire first.” Lin Tian sighed in frustration. 
He couldn’t rush things. 
He had to take it one step at a time. 
Back in Goblin King’s City, Lin Tian immediately activated the Life Simulation System to see what would happen if he attacked the Troy Empire. 
[Life Simulation System activating. Current scenario: The Final Prey. 
You’ve been in this world for two years, rising from a weak goblin to a powerhouse. From a shattered tribe, you’ve built an empire. 
Your goal is to first control everything within the wilderness. 
The Sword Kingdom, Magic Kingdom, War Empire, Holy Tree Empire, Giant Elephant Empire, and Free Empire have all fallen under your might. 
Now, you wage war against the last remaining Troy Empire. 
The goblin army, unstoppable and thunderous, crushed the Troy Empire with overwhelming force. 
You nearly unified the entire region, with only a few small empires left, too insignificant to concern yourself with. 
However, the Trojans are fearless. The survivors disguised themselves and infiltrated Goblin King’s City, including the Trojan war gods. Over the course of a hundred assassination attempts, they finally succeeded. 
You were killed by a Trojan war god who had long since infiltrated your city. 
Summary: The Trojans are more troublesome than expected. They can be defeated, but they won’t accept failure. 
Score: 30 points (out of 100) 
Reward: 30 Life Points 
This Life Simulation has ended. Time progressed: three months.] 
Upon seeing the results, Lin Tian frowned. 
Damn it, he died again. 
But this was why the system was so important. In this world, you couldn’t let your guard down—anything could happen. 
There was no “protagonist halo.” 
Lin Tian only got to where he was now by relying on caution and intelligence, not luck. 
“So, I guess I’ll have to wipe out every last Trojan?” Lin Tian muttered to himself as he pondered. 
As for his promise to Sara? 
That had been nothing more than a ploy to keep her in check. 
He never really meant it. 
But on second thought, if he couldn’t guarantee that all the Trojans would be killed, it would be dangerous. 
In the end, it might be safer to set Sara up as a puppet queen when the time came. 
To control and rule the Troy Empire. 
After all, Hero’s Power was also an important means of resisting the demigods outside the wilderness. 
If he couldn’t gain control, Lin Tian could always wait for a better opportunity and eliminate them all. 
It would all depend on the Trojans’ awareness. 
Would they submit to his rule to slaughter the gods, or would they choose death? 
But before that, Lin Tian had to deal with the Trojan war gods who had infiltrated the city. These guys were like bombs, ready to explode at any moment. 
Even though he knew they were hiding in the city, there was no way to find them. 
They were different from the assassins of the previous three empires. 
“Go and bring Sara to me,” Lin Tian ordered. 
In the palace room, Gobu Yue responded with a sound of acknowledgment and immediately went to fulfill the task. 
Before long, Sara arrived with a flushed face, biting her red lips in anticipation of something. “Your Majesty, I… I’m not used to this,” she stammered, glancing at both Gobu Yue and Lin Tian. 
“What do you mean ‘not used to it’? Do you have any way to find the Trojan war gods? They’re in the city right now.” 
Lin Tian spoke with a complicated expression. This woman was more provocative than he had imagined. 
Upon hearing this, Sara’s expression shifted slightly. “Have they… have they come already?!” 
Lin Tian merely nodded in response. 
“Their primary target will definitely be me. If I parade through the city tomorrow, they won’t be able to resist appearing,” Sara thought for a moment and replied. 
She knew that by disgracing Troy’s honor, she was certainly marked for elimination. 
Lin Tian, however, shook his head. “Even a fool could see that’s a trap. I have a better idea. But, are you shy?” 
“Huh? I… I am a bit shy,” Sara muttered in confusion, lowering her head with embarrassment. 
Lin Tian chuckled mischievously. “Don’t worry, you’ll get used to it. I got used to it a long time ago. It’s satisfying for me, and others are just jealous. That’s how goblins are.” 
The so-called “better idea” was to provoke them. 
He would publicly trample on Troy’s honor and humiliate the Trojan princess! 
The Trojan war gods would be forced to reveal themselves, even if they knew it was a trap. 
In her moment of bewilderment, Sara for the first time realized the cruelty and treachery of human nature. 
… 
“Holy crap! The Trojan princess! His Majesty is incredible!” 
“Hurry, hurry! The Goblin King is giving out some eye-popping benefits!” 
“Honestly, I’ve been a traveling merchant for years and seen many half-humans and humans, but this is the first time I’ve seen such a rare beauty. If you ask who’s better, it’s definitely the ones around the Goblin King!” 
“Damn, I’m so envious. If only I were a goblin! At least my wife wouldn’t cheat on me with a minotaur!” 
“What did you say? A minotaur got your wife? Tell me where, I’ll go kill them for you!” 
In the crowded, chaotic streets. 
Three mysterious figures in hooded robes stood quietly amidst the commotion. 
Although their faces were hidden, the seething hatred was almost palpable. 
These were the Trojan war gods, the mentors of the King of Troy, and Sara’s very own teachers! 
Watching their disciple, the princess of an entire nation, reduced to such a state, they were gnashing their teeth in fury. 
“Everyone calm down. Something’s not right. This is probably a goblin trap. We can’t fall for it. We need to wait for the perfect moment to kill that wench and the Goblin King,” the eldest war god, ‘Gamus,’ spoke with a heavy tone. 
But the two war gods beside him could no longer restrain themselves. 
They were ready to kill now! 
“Even if it’s a trap, I’m going in!!! Those two filthy scum!!!” 
The two roared, letting out a bellow of rage! 
In an instant, their cloaks shattered from the sheer force, revealing their dark, muscular bodies. 
Barefoot, adorned with gleaming golden divine ornaments, they radiated brilliance. 
Their upper bodies were covered in ancient black runes that merged with their muscles, exuding both mystery and power. 
The roar from their outburst sent dozens of nearby monsters crashing to the ground, bleeding from their orifices. 
This was their Hero Power skill: ‘War God’s Roar.’ 
It had an offensive effect, but more importantly, it greatly enhanced their own strength and morale. 
The two war gods, like bolts of lightning, charged toward Lin Tian and Sara! 
The sheer force of their punches cut through the air, leaving a terrifying shockwave in their wake! 
Lin Tian’s heart pounded, but luckily, he hadn’t been caught off guard and maintained his high alert. 
If not, he’d already be dead. 
He quickly widened the distance between them. 
The two Trojan war gods were momentarily surprised, not expecting Lin Tian to dodge. 
But they immediately resumed their pursuit! 
“Boom!!” 
The sound of clashing power echoed like thunder. 
The One-Eyed Owl had appeared, wearing her gauntlets, and blocked one of the war gods. 
The other war god was fended off by Alice, Gobu Kuang, Lia, and others as they launched a joint attack. 
The battle had reached a deadlock. 
Down below, in the streets, the remaining Trojan war god slowly removed his cloak, revealing his aged skin and gray hair. 
The figure was emaciated and frail, his body betraying the signs of age. 
Yet his eyes were as sharp as a hawk’s. 
With a slight chuckle, he said, “These goblins are more cunning than I thought. After lying low for days, you’ve managed to force us into the open so easily. But now, I’ve gauged your strength! Today, let’s settle this once and for all!” 
Hearing the arrogant tone, Lin Tian turned toward the sound. 
[Gamus: Lv100<br/>
Race: Human<br/>
Profession: Super Gladiator<br/>
Titles: Meat Grinder, King of Gladiators, Empire’s War God…<br/>
Health: 3000<br/>
Strength: 1410<br/>
Defense: 1300<br/>
Skills: Hero Power, Endless Form, Death’s Embrace…<br/>
Equipment: Golden Divine Ornaments<br/>
Overall: 16,000] 
This power, these titles. 
Lin Tian’s expression grew more serious. Judging by his tone and the sheer strength of his stats, this man was far from ordinary! 
“Your Majesty, they are all wearing golden divine ornaments, which makes them immune to attacks from any Troy-born creatures. I can’t help you with this,” Sara quickly said after regaining her composure. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 214: Endless Form, Tempered Flesh? 
TL: Sungmin  
It seemed like taking down these Trojan War Gods wouldn’t be easy. 
“Muhammad Sara, I am here today to take your life. You will pay for what you’ve done! Do you have any last words?” 
The old man’s voice boomed with grandeur! 
It resounded like a great bell. 
His aura swept over like a vast wave, overwhelming everything. 
With his hands clasped together, he advanced step by step like an old monk. 
Lin Tian had no desire to fight these guys for Sara, but their target wasn’t just Sara. 
They were after him as well. 
He had no choice but to find a way to take them down. 
“I’ll handle the golden divine ornaments, you summon the Crocodile Demon King first,” Lin Tian said seriously. 
He didn’t rely solely on brute force to solve problems, unless the opponent was weaker. 
That way, victory was certain. 
But now, he had to use his brain. 
With his current ability, a direct fight wouldn’t work—there was a difference between his 13,000 combat power and the old man’s 16,000. 
However, if he could steal the golden divine ornaments from the old man, the Crocodile Demon King could join the battle. 
Then victory would be within reach. 
Gamus sneered disdainfully, “Foolish! It’s fine if a goblin doesn’t know, but even you don’t? Ancient Trojan creatures cannot attack someone wearing the golden divine ornaments. You must be as dumb as a goblin!” 
He spoke with anger. 
Lin Tian quickly replied, “Then you’d better be careful not to let someone steal the golden divine ornaments!” 
Hearing this, Gamus immediately looked around nervously, only relaxing when he saw no one nearby. 
But that very action showed that his emotions were fixated on the golden divine ornaments. 
“Lucky Steal!” 
In an instant, a flash of light appeared in Lin Tian’s hand! 
A golden, glittering ornament materialized in his palm! 
Lin Tian raised an eyebrow—it seemed he had discovered another exploit of Lucky Steal! 
To steal something, just verbally remind the opponent. 
This actually increased the chances of success. 
Because Lucky Steal had a high probability of snatching items the opponent was emotionally attached to. 
It wasn’t just some random pickpocket skill or simple money-stealing ability. 
Gamus was dumbfounded on the spot, “What just happened?! You despicable, shameless Goblin! Looks like I’ll have to kill you first! Endless Form!!” 
He roared, and veins bulged all over his body! 
His once thin frame rapidly swelled with muscle, transforming him in mere seconds from a frail old man into a hulking beast! 
His breathing became deep and thunderous, like a raging ox! 
His eyes, glowing eerily like ghost fire, locked onto Lin Tian, and with a single step, the floor shattered beneath him! 
He accelerated to 100 kilometers per hour in less than a second! 
“Death’s Embrace!” 
With his massive, muscular arms, he reached out to crush Lin Tian in a devastating hug. 
That pressure alone— 
Any normal person would have been scared to wet themselves on the spot! 
But Lin Tian, having faced countless storms, remained calm, “So this is what it means for an 80-year-old veteran to apply for battle? But you chose the wrong target!” 
He immediately dodged to the side. 
Because of his small stature, his reduced hitbox allowed him to easily evade the attack. 
“What!” 
Suddenly! 
Lin Tian’s pupils contracted—the reaction speed of this old monster was eerily similar to a premonition! 
Just as Lin Tian dodged, Gamus pivoted and threw a punch! 
“Boom!!” 
The ground exploded as if hit by artillery! 
The deafening sound echoed out! 
Cracks spread out for hundreds of meters like a spider web! 
Dust filled the air! 
The impact wave violently flung Lin Tian backward. 
But before he could land! 
Through the hazy dust, Lin Tian saw those eerie, ghostly eyes already locked onto him! 
Seeing this. 
Lin Tian’s adrenaline surged wildly, “Prepare to strike!” 
“Roar!” 
In an instant, he unleashed a super-powered Ruinous Howl, rattling Gamus’ mind and momentarily stunning him. 
If it had been an ordinary Ruinous Howl, it wouldn’t have worked. 
But beside him, Gobu Kuang and the others were fighting fiercely too, having already activated the Royal Domain. 
This amplified all of the goblins’ skills. 
Of course, it didn’t work on humans or other species, even if they were allies. 
In the brief moment Gamus was stunned. 
A massive crocodile leaped over, its jaws clamping down on his arm! 
The sharp pain snapped Gamus back to reality, “Damn you, get off me, you damned reptile!” 
The Crocodile Demon King, with its usually devastating bite force that could tear humans to pieces, now only inflicted superficial wounds, causing some blood to spill but failing to break the bone. 
From a distance, Sara shouted, “King of the Nile, Death Roll!” 
“Swish swish swish!” 
The five-meter-long, multi-ton Crocodile Demon King began to spin wildly! 
A loud “crack” echoed through the air! 
Gamus’ left arm broke with the sound, completely torn from his body, exposing gleaming white bone! 
Blood sprayed everywhere! 
The intense pain made Gamus gasp sharply, “You’ve forced my hand!” 
Like a madman, he rushed at the Crocodile Demon King, engaging it in fierce battle! 
The Crocodile Demon King had a combat power of 15,000, while Gamus had 16,000. Logic would dictate that Gamus’ strength should have diminished due to his injury. 
But unexpectedly. 
He grabbed the broken bone of his severed arm and used it as a blade, stabbing it savagely into the Crocodile Demon King’s stomach! 
“Die, you filthy reptile!!!” Gamus roared hysterically, veins bulging all over his body. 
His broken arm twisted inside the crocodile’s stomach, ripping out a mass of internal organs! 
The Crocodile Demon King died instantly! 
It turned to ash and disappeared from the field. 
Suddenly, Gamus’ terrifying eyes locked back onto Lin Tian, “You’re next!” 
He charged at him like a beast, even more ferocious than any wild animal! 
Lin Tian knew he couldn’t afford any mistakes now. With a thought, he pulled out the Spear of Zeus, adjusted his breathing, and began using the One-Eyed Owl’s breathing technique. 
He prepared for battle. 
Just as they were about to clash. 
Gamus struck nothing but air. Surrounding him was a wasteland of yellow sand, high walls, and a pale sky. 
They were now in the Trojan Arena. 
Seeing this, Gamus laughed out loud, “The arena? Oh, how I miss this! Here, I am a true king!” 
“Your Goblin Majesty, the King of the Nile has perished. I can only summon other assistance for this battle. Arise, Garuda the Giant Eagle!” Sara said as he wielded his ancient staff. 
A massive eagle with shining talons circled above the arena. 
Its gaze sharp and predatory. 
Gamus glanced at it dismissively, then turned his eyes to Lin Tian, “Goblin, I’ll kill you first!!” 
In a flash, Gamus transformed into lightning and charged forward. 
Lin Tian wielded the Spear of Zeus, unleashing bolts of lightning in an attempt to block him, but the crazed Gamus paid no heed. 
He pushed through the attack and was soon in front of Lin Tian. 
He rained down punches. 
One grab from him, and the consequences would be dire. 
Lin Tian moved with all his agility, dodging with everything he had. To his shock, he realized the Spear of Zeus couldn’t pierce Gamus’ body. 
“Damn it, is this the Iron Body Technique?” 
This situation made him think of a legendary martial art from Earth. 
No wonder the Crocodile Demon King could only break through a bit of his flesh. 
However. 
Lin Tian suddenly thought of something. If Gamus had tempered his body like this, then there had to be a weak point—a vital spot! 
Although he wasn’t certain if Gamus was using the Iron Body Technique, the principle couldn’t be far off. 
If there was a vital point, targeting soft areas wouldn’t work. His muscles were so tightly clenched that even soft skin would be impenetrable. 
Even steel rods would get crushed in such a grip. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 215: One-Eyed Owl, Do Whatever You Want! 
TL: Sungmin  
Immediately, he dodged quickly, trying to attack various parts of his opponent’s body, using the process of elimination to find a weak point. 
Gamus looked disdainful. “Stop struggling! This is nothing more than a game of cat and mouse! Once your strength is exhausted, I’ll tear you apart with ease!” 
Up in the sky. 
A piercing screech echoed! 
The colossal Garuda eagle dove down, its sharp talons fiercely digging into Gamus’ back, attempting to lift him up. 
But it couldn’t even pierce his skin, let alone lift him. 
With a swift backhand, Gamus grabbed the eagle and broke its wings with his bare hands. 
“I defeated countless of these weaklings in my youth! You think you can ambush me?” 
As he spoke, Gamus stomped the eagle underfoot. 
He tore off its head as easily as one would slaughter a chicken! 
But this bought Lin Tian enough time to locate a weakness. 
Suddenly! 
“Pfft!” 
The Spear of Zeus easily pierced just one centimeter above Gamus’ navel! 
As effortlessly as slicing through fruit! 
It went straight through his back. 
In an instant, Gamus lost all his strength, falling to his knees in shock. “Why! How could you break my Endless Form?!” 
The body he had taken such pride in, undefeated for decades. 
Now, in this moment, a goblin had shattered it with ease! 
“Hmph, if the spear’s attack range weren’t so small, you wouldn’t have survived this long.” Lin Tian sneered as he spoke. 
Gradually. 
Gamus’ once strong body began to shrink, reverting to its previous emaciated form. 
Blood continuously poured from his mouth. 
His entire body trembled and convulsed—not from pain, but from sheer terror of death! 
Sara also dispelled the illusion of the Trojan Colosseum. 
The remaining two war gods were stunned, exclaiming, “Impossible, the Elder’s Endless Form was broken by a goblin!!!” 
The situation was like a bolt of lightning on a clear day! 
It was harder to accept than their own deaths! 
“Go… leave now while you still can… There’s still hope if you run! This goblin is far stronger than we imagined!” Gamus said in agony, his face full of unwillingness. 
Lin Tian narrowed his eyes, looking at him with disdain. “Leave? You think the Goblin Empire is a place you can come and go as you please?” 
Then, borrowing a large blade, he beheaded Gamus. 
This head would later serve to intimidate the Trojan Empire. 
Seeing this unbelievable scene. 
The other two war gods from Troy let their guard down and were also swiftly killed. 
“These guys were really tough to handle, but kid, you’re stronger than I thought. You managed to take down that monster! I’ve heard that Gamus’ Endless Form once cut through an army of hundreds of thousands of monsters alone!” One-Eyed Owl wiped the blood off her body, astonished as she spoke. 
Of course. 
The most shocked of all had to be Sara. She knew the true power of the Endless Form all too well. 
Yet Lin Tian had easily taken it down. 
She stood frozen in place. 
A mixture of fear and joy filled her heart. 
It meant that the Trojan Empire would soon be conquered by the Goblin Empire. 
She would become queen, basking in supreme glory! 
“It’s done. Everyone, you’ve worked hard. Tonight, all your expenses in the city are on me!” Lin Tian declared. 
Now that the hidden danger was removed, everything else would be smooth sailing. 
Behind him. 
The cheers of other demi-human and monster allies rose up. “We feel so safe here! Long live His Majesty, the Goblin King!” 
The cat girl Sophia approached, rubbing against Lin Tian as she said, “Your Majesty, how about coming over to our place for a bit? We all admire your bravery so much, meow. No charge, and you can pet us as much as you like, meow!” 
“Your Majesty, my daughter has admired you for a long time. She would be honored just to bear your child!” The elder of the serpent folk said excitedly. 
Was this really happening? 
Lin Tian was almost dumbfounded. Wasn’t this a bit too outrageous? 
Though many people indeed wanted to have his children, that was usually for the throne, power, or wealth. 
But seeing the shy, blushing young serpent girl, he understood. 
She was that naive girl who hadn’t understood much before. 
It was perfectly normal for her to have these thoughts now. 
The succubus brothel madam also circled around Lin Tian, releasing her unique alluring scent. “Your Majesty, I don’t usually take clients, but if you’re willing to come tonight, I’ll make an exception just for you!” 
“Ahem, alright, when I said relax, I meant real relaxation. You all are trying to exhaust me to death!” Lin Tian declined them all. 
Once, he had been that young man who feared nothing. 
But now, there were simply too many offers. He had gradually lost interest. 
Only the most refined things could pique his interest now. 
At this moment, One-Eyed Owl spoke, “You’re a considerate kid. Come on, let’s go. We haven’t had a drinking contest in a while. I’ve been learning from the dwarves recently, and I guarantee you won’t walk away sober this time!” 
“Oh?” 
“Big Sis, you’ve lost to me so many times. What if you lose again this time?” 
Lin Tian grinned mischievously as he spoke. 
Next to him, Osius egged on, “Big Sis, you really need to show some sincerity this time!” 
“Yeah, you’ve lost several times here in Goblin City, and it just ended without any follow-up. Have you forgotten the old rules?” Grugia chimed in, his eyelids practically twitching with excitement as he grinned at Lin Tian. 
Lin Tian flashed a knowing smile, like Donnie Yen pointing in a direction while smiling. 
Smart. 
He would be greatly rewarded. 
Under the pressure of everyone’s teasing and finger-pointing, even One-Eyed Owl’s face reddened slightly. “You guys… you still recognize me as your Big Sis, don’t you? How dare you make fun of me?” 
“Big Sis, that’s not how it goes. Back when we had drinking contests and I lost, you didn’t go easy on me at all. I… I was even humiliated by an old lady! Boo-hoo!” Grugia recalled his unpleasant memories, nearly unable to keep it together. 
Hearing this, One-Eyed Owl waved her hand dismissively. “Hmph, so what? It’s no big deal. I’ll win for sure this time! Kid, if I lose, you can do whatever you want! But if you lose, how about letting me be the Goblin King for a few days?” 
“But don’t worry, I won’t interfere with internal affairs. I just want to continue launching wars, heheh!” The thing she craved the most was fighting. 
The more chaotic, the better. 
Lin Tian shrugged. “No problem. Let’s go.” 
“Your Majesty, what about attacking the Trojan Empire and… my situation?” Sara suddenly grabbed Lin Tian’s hand, looking at him with hopeful eyes. 
Lin Tian replied calmly, “It’s only a matter of time. Don’t worry, you’re already mine. I’ll keep my word.” 
Hearing this, Sara finally felt at ease. 
The group then headed to the Bunny Girl Tavern, with even Alice tagging along for a change. 
Normally, in her spare time, she would always be training her combat abilities. 
But this time, she seemed a little interested. 
“Welcome! Oh my god, it’s His Majesty the King! Everyone, come out quickly!”  
At the entrance of the Bunny Girl Tavern, the owner spotted Lin Tian and was completely awestruck. 
One by one, adorable, long-legged bunny girls came out to greet them. 
You can read extra chapters at <a href="https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/">Etude Translations</a> linked to Patreon! <a href="https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/">https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/</a> 
If you have any questions about updates, join our Discord: <a href="https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC">https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC</a> 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 216: Pond Lotus, Rose in Hand 
TL: Sungmin  
“Welcome! Your Majesty, Goblin King!” 
All the bunny girls respectfully bowed in greeting. 
The boss lowered his head, giving a signal to everyone. 
They had been trained repeatedly to do everything they could to make Lin Tian happy. If one of them could catch Lin Tian’s eye, she would immediately become the leader of the rabbit people! 
Osius and the others, standing in the back, couldn’t help but say, “Damn, why didn’t we get this kind of treatment when we came? I’m so jealous. Look at my favorite, Little Mei, the way she’s eyeing Brother Tian, it’s practically melting!” 
“Yeah, right. Stop dreaming like a bleating sheep,” Grugia mocked. 
Lin Tian spoke calmly, “Boss, bring the wine. These gold coins will cover it.” 
With that, he placed a bag of gold coins on the bar. 
They were all familiar faces by now. 
Every time he came, everything was arranged perfectly, and Lin Tian never missed an opportunity to take advantage. 
But dining for free was too low, even for him. 
The bunny girl boss couldn’t refuse the money, though she always ensured the service and drinks were worth at least as much as the gold coins Lin Tian gave. 
She was a smart businesswoman; otherwise, her tavern wouldn’t be the most popular place in town. 
But this time, the bunny girl boss seemed a bit uneasy. “Your Majesty, this is too much. No matter how special our service is, it’s not worth this much.” 
“Are you sure?” 
Lin Tian glanced at the bunny girls. “I heard that if the price is right, there are… extra services, no? My men here are pretty tired.” 
“Ah, I see! Since you’ve mentioned it, Your Majesty, we’ll definitely arrange something! But what about you? You get to choose first!” The bunny girl boss added. 
Lin Tian paused for a moment, amused by her cleverness.  
However, he smiled. “I’ve already chosen.” 
“Already chosen?” The bunny girl boss looked puzzled, her rabbit ears drooping in confusion. 
In the crowd. 
The One-Eyed Owl’s heart skipped a beat, her gaze slightly panicked. 
She muttered to herself, “What does this bastard mean by that? Who’s he picking? I won’t lose that easily!” 
“Let’s do this!” 
At the table. 
Lin Tian and the One-Eyed Owl faced off, surrounded by onlookers, excited and egging them on. 
As the bunny girls brought barrels of strong liquor, Lin Tian couldn’t wait any longer. “Let’s get started, Big Sis! Today, I’ll make sure you lose completely!” 
“Hold on! I need someone to cheer me on first.” The One-Eyed Owl replied heavily, her eyes fixed on the door. 
At that moment. 
A short, bearded man slowly entered, his beer belly sticking out, walking with bold strides. 
It was none other than the dwarf, Master Bill. 
The One-Eyed Owl’s eyes lit up. “Master, today you must witness your apprentice’s success!” 
“Hahaha! You lot are really something. Drinking like it’s a battlefield!” Bill laughed. 
Seeing the barrels of liquor, he took a big gulp to rinse his mouth. “Now this is some interesting stuff. Boss, how come I never got to drink this before?” 
“This is our exclusive brew for His Majesty the King. Please forgive us,” the bunny girl boss replied with a forced smile. 
Bill snorted but said no more, contentedly drinking. “Apprentice, you better not embarrass me!” 
“Well now, Master Bill, are you siding against me?” Suddenly, Lin Tian’s voice darkened. 
Bill shuddered, nearly dropping his cup. “Your Majesty, how could you say that? You’re practically half my apprentice too. This is just a friendly match between fellow disciples! Hahaha!” 
“Hmph, if I lose, I’ll ban you from ever setting foot in this tavern again.” Lin Tian grumbled good-naturedly. 
Of course, it was just a joke. Bill had painstakingly rebuilt the palace and was the chief of defense. 
He had constructed many fortifications, making the Goblin King’s city impenetrable. 
He had also planned future urban development. 
In short, he was an important figure. 
But that offhand joke weighed heavily on Bill, who took it as a matter of life and death. “Apprentice, I beg you, get drunk quickly for the sake of your master’s honor! Your Majesty, let me teach you a few tricks to win this drinking contest!” 
With that, Bill leaned over and whispered into Lin Tian’s ear. “All you have to do is pour the wine from your cup into your spatial ring. Got it?” 
Upon hearing this, Lin Tian couldn’t help but admire the old man’s cunning. 
He hadn’t even thought of that! 
Then again, the dwarves had forged the spatial rings. 
Bill had probably used this trick many times before in drinking competitions. 
“Master, if I lose, I won’t let you off!” 
The whole tavern grew cold as ice. 
In the One-Eyed Owl’s eyes, a deadly glint appeared. 
Bill was so terrified, he wanted to die. 
Then. 
Lin Tian urged, “Come on, Big Sis. Have a little confidence. Fill it up!” 
The bunny girls started pouring the wine. 
The contest began, with both sides taking turns, cup after cup. 
Osius gave a signal to the crowd. “Hey, Old Gru, they’re going to be at it for a while before it gets really interesting. How about we go claim the perks Brother Tian gave us first?” 
Hearing this, Grugia’s face lit up. “You really get me, man! Let’s go!” 
The two of them found the bunny girls they had their eyes on and headed upstairs. 
“Hey! What do you two think you’re doing?” 
Bill’s voice rang out, stopping them in their tracks. He cursed under his breath, “Osius, you bastard, that’s my Little Mei!” 
“Old man, these are the perks Brother Tian gave us. You were late, so don’t blame me, hahaha!” 
The two hurried upstairs, laughing. 
An hour passed quickly. 
The special brew this time was incredibly strong. 
The One-Eyed Owl’s face had turned red, as if she had eaten ten devil peppers. 
Even Lin Tian was a little surprised. “I didn’t expect you to build up such a tolerance, Big Sis.” 
This liquor was so strong that, without using his spatial ring, Lin Tian would have been drunk long ago. 
The fact that the One-Eyed Owl was still holding on impressed him. 
He couldn’t help but say, “Master Bill, I have you to thank. I’ll reward you by giving Little Mei to you as a gift. You’ve worked hard lately!” 
“Huh? Forget it, Your Majesty. Little Mei? Even dogs wouldn’t want her now. Little Fang is pretty nice, though… Maybe her?” Bill chuckled, throwing a playful look at the bunny girl, Little Mei, who was pouring drinks nearby. 
Lin Tian didn’t mind. “Alright, but you’ve got to take responsibility for her. Since I’m gifting her to you, you’ve got to make her happy.” 
“Uh…” 
The mention of making her happy seemed to deflate Bill, as if all his energy drained out. “I’ll do my best, thank you.” 
There’s a kind of pain in the world—when you have a feast right in front of you, but you can’t eat it because you no longer have the ‘teeth’ for it. 
Before long, the One-Eyed Owl started showing obvious signs of intoxication. 
But seeing Lin Tian still looking calm and steady, she couldn’t help but say, “What’s going on with you? How are you still so steady? Could it be… could it be that I’m really not as good as you? I don’t accept this! Let’s keep going!” 
“Big Sis, don’t push yourself. You’ve already lost to me.” Lin Tian spoke with heartfelt concern. 
His gaze was drawn to the One-Eyed Owl’s figure. 
Wild and bold, yet mixed with the tenderness of youth. 
It was a rare combination. 
Though he had seen her many times before, this time felt different. 
Before, it was like looking at an untouchable lotus flower in the middle of a pond. 
Now, it was like holding a rose tightly in his hand! 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 217: The Final Step, Troy Empire! 
TL: Sungmin  
“It’s about time. I need to claim the boss’s benefits too, hehe!” Gobu Kuang said with a wicked grin. 
One by one, the others collected their benefits and left. 
Master Bill, looking as if he had nothing to lose, said, “Just getting a taste is enough for me! Let’s go, Little Fang.” 
Soon enough. 
Only Lin Tian and the One-Eyed Owl remained in the tavern, still drinking. 
There was also the bunny girl hostess keeping them company. 
Looking at the One-Eyed Owl, who was already completely drunk, the hostess couldn’t help but say, “Princess Elizabeth, you’re drunk. If you ask me, just admit you’ve lost…” 
As she spoke, she cast a flirtatious glance at Lin Tian. 
This was another way to play along. 
The One-Eyed Owl slurred, “I’m not drunk. I don’t accept it… I don’t…” 
Judging by her state, she was on the verge of falling under the table at any moment but kept stubbornly holding on. 
The bunny girl hostess sighed helplessly, never having seen someone so stubborn, and couldn’t do much to help. 
Seeing this, Lin Tian felt a bit disappointed inside. “It seems Big Sis has her reasons for not wanting to lose. I guess I’ll count this round as my loss. I have some things to take care of, so I’ll be off.” 
“Wait! Don’t act like you’re pitying me! I didn’t lose! Normally, I’d already have outdrunk you by now! Something’s off here!” One-Eyed Owl couldn’t figure it out. 
She had a record of every time Lin Tian got drunk, thanks to Bill’s help. Then, she had trained by drinking just enough to get used to surpassing that amount over time. 
Yet now, she couldn’t hold on, while Lin Tian was still steady as a rock. 
There was no way she could let this go. 
Lin Tian felt a bit guilty upon hearing this. It seemed like he should’ve acted more convincingly—he miscalculated. 
To win over the One-Eyed Owl using this tactic… she wasn’t a fool. 
But what he didn’t expect was for the One-Eyed Owl to suddenly climb onto the table, grabbing his collar. “I know what you’re scheming, you little brat! Fine, we’ll drink while you do whatever it is you’re thinking about!” 
The moment those words came out, the atmosphere in the room froze solid. 
“Ha… ha…” 
The One-Eyed Owl’s hot breath, mixed with a youthful fragrance and the scent of alcohol, brushed against Lin Tian’s face. 
Looking at her perfect, oval-shaped face, her sexy wheat-colored skin… 
And the faint blush of a young girl. 
At that moment, Lin Tian didn’t want to say anything. What he once dared not dream of was now right in front of him! 
Since the One-Eyed Owl had already come this far, what more was there to say? 
Wasn’t this exactly what he wanted? 
Just as he was about to kiss her, she shoved him away with a big hand. “What are you doing?” 
“You’re blocking my mouth. How am I supposed to drink like that?” she snapped, annoyed. 
It seemed she didn’t care about that at all, only about drinking! 
Lin Tian almost passed out from frustration. Since the direct approach wasn’t working… 
He decided to take a different route. 
“Spurt!” 
Right then, the One-Eyed Owl’s strong body shivered, and she spat out a mouthful of alcohol. 
Her beautiful eyes widened in shock! 
Her expression reflected the deep sensation of something completely unfamiliar! 
Panic set in. 
She hurriedly grabbed her cup, downing a large gulp to try and calm herself. 
But in her panic, much of the alcohol spilled from her mouth, slowly trailing down her neck. 
Some of it even dripped into Lin Tian’s mouth by accident. 
“Your turn to drink!” the One-Eyed Owl snapped, shoving a full cup at him. 
Lin Tian didn’t refuse, downing it in one go. “Big Sis, you should put the cup down first. I’m afraid you might break it in a moment.” 
“What… what do you mean? You think I can’t hold onto a simple cup? I told you, I’m not drunk yet! I won’t get drunk before you do!” she said stubbornly, her face flushed. 
Lin Tian didn’t know how to respond for a moment. “Well, it’s not really about being drunk… but I suppose it’s similar. It’s because of my God’s Blessing ability.” 
Hearing that, the One-Eyed Owl paused, mumbling, “What’s the big deal? I’m not afraid!” 
But saying she wasn’t afraid was a lie. 
Who didn’t know what goblins were capable of? 
Her heart began to race even faster. 
Lin Tian showed no mercy either—after all, the One-Eyed Owl wasn’t a delicate person. Her physique was robust, and her combat ability was top-tier. 
Not to mention, she was the descendant of a demigod. 
Finally. 
Things escalated to that inevitable point. 
The sensation was unlike anything the One-Eyed Owl had ever felt before, her mind going completely blank, with nothing but a ringing in her ears. 
She even felt her vision blur. 
“Ha… ha… ha… So strange! What did you do to me, you little brat!” 
Unable to control her strength, she nearly crushed Lin Tian. “You… you need to calm down! Big Sis! I’m about to cough up blood!” 
“I can’t calm down! This feels way too strange!” The One-Eyed Owl bit down hard on her lip, even drawing blood. 
Her slender fingers were desperately grasping for something, anything. 
Crack! 
The wine glass in her hand shattered under the pressure! 
The bunny girl hostess, her nose bleeding from excitement, exclaimed, “Being with Princess Elizabeth is truly dangerous! Goblin Majesty, take care!” 
Thankfully, not long after, the power of the God’s Blessing kicked in. 
No matter how strong the female was, she would become as helpless as a toy in his hand, losing all resistance. 
Even the One-Eyed Owl! 
The woman, known as the Wild Lioness, now felt completely out of control. 
Her face was filled with shame. 
“I, I…” she stammered, trying to say something but as if her words were stuck. 
She couldn’t believe she truly had no strength to resist Lin Tian, and yet… she couldn’t bring herself to stop him either. 
It was just like what had happened with Sara. 
At first, there was resistance, but slowly, she accepted it, and by the end, she completely gave in and enjoyed it. 
That’s just how people were. 
Lin Tian couldn’t help but laugh, “Big Sis, have you lost yet?” 
“I… I haven’t lost! Why are you suddenly bringing that up again?” the One-Eyed Owl muttered bashfully, her voice trembling slightly. 
Lin Tian teased, “Still won’t admit defeat? That’s not like you at all. Well, in that case, I’ll just head out!” 
“You! What do you mean? Are you trying to embarrass me on purpose? Trying to humiliate me? Do you believe I won’t fight you to the death?” she retorted angrily. 
The One-Eyed Owl was furious, fully understanding what Lin Tian was trying to do. 
Hearing this, Lin Tian, knowing the jig was up, stopped teasing her, “Alright, alright, don’t get mad. Relax, have some fun!” 
“You’re still talking!” The One-Eyed Owl was both angry and helpless. 
Thankfully, apart from the bunny girl hostess, there was no one else around. 
Otherwise, she would’ve preferred to die out of embarrassment! 
After a while, rustling sounds came from upstairs—seemed like people were starting to come down. 
Lin Tian decided to stop there. After all, the One-Eyed Owl had a reputation to maintain, unlike Sara, who was purely a servant. 
The One-Eyed Owl quickly composed herself, and the alcohol began to wear off. 
But the flush on her face only deepened. 
Suddenly, she hoisted Lin Tian onto her shoulder and headed outside. 
Lin Tian, surprised, asked, “Big Sis, what are you doing? Don’t tell me you’re going to kill me to silence me?!” 
Damn, he regretted this! 
Sure, it had been amazing, and his combat strength had improved by over a thousand. 
But losing his life over this? That would be a huge loss! 
“Shut up! Those annoying people ruined my fun. I’ll deal with them after I’ve had my fill!” The One-Eyed Owl declared seriously, though her words were mortifying. 
Lin Tian was stunned. 
No wonder she was Big Sis. While everyone else could barely walk, she was still saying she hadn’t had enough! 
With a sly grin, he replied, “Alright then, I’ll give it my all. Just make sure you punish them properly later.” 
“You…! Are you trying to humiliate me more?” The One-Eyed Owl snapped, embarrassed and angry. 
… 
Days later. 
The sun rose as usual. 
The growth of the Goblin Empire surged forward at a terrifying pace, like a flood. 
Even Master Bill was unsure about the city-building plans since they kept surpassing their limits every day. 
In the palace. 
Lin Tian gathered everyone to hold a council, preparing for an attack on the Troy Empire. 
The One-Eyed Owl’s gaze was now tinged with shyness, occasionally avoiding his eyes. 
The others, however, were filled with utmost loyalty—especially the Dragon Slayer Guild members, who had never experienced such privilege before. 
They were fortunate to have found a wise leader like Lin Tian. 
“The human empires within the wilderness… there’s basically only Troy left, right?” Lin Tian said thoughtfully. 
Alice responded, “That’s right, but it’s also the strongest empire. With thousands of years of rich heritage and culture, it will be the toughest opponent to defeat.” 
The One-Eyed Owl scoffed, “So what? I’ll conquer it for you, and in exchange, you’ll be mine for a month. How about that?” 
“What?!” Everyone stared at her in shock, wondering if they had misheard. 
Osius and Grugia suddenly realized, “So, Big Bro Lin Tian and Big Sis have been missing for days because… they’ve become a thing!” 
“Boss, you actually tamed this fierce woman? Congrats, congrats!” Gobu Kuang and the others chuckled wickedly. 
The One-Eyed Owl glared, “What are you all looking at? Got a problem?” 
She wasn’t trying to hide it anymore. After all, happiness was something you had to fight for yourself. 
Lin Tian felt a bit bitter. Honestly, if it were someone else, he could probably endure a month. 
But with the One-Eyed Owl? That might be too much for him. 
Helplessly, he said, “Big Sis, come on, don’t joke around. There’s no way you can conquer the Troy Empire by yourself.” 
“Master, I also wish to lead an army to conquer Troy!” To everyone’s surprise, Alice stepped forward and said. 
Her fair face was full of determination. 
The One-Eyed Owl wasn’t pleased, but before she could respond, someone else spoke up. 
Sara knelt by Lin Tian’s side, saying softly, “Your Majesty, what about me…” 
Seeing this, Lin Tian grew more serious. “Alright, let’s focus on business. My plan is to first use all our forces to overwhelm the Troy Empire with sheer power. Then, I’ll be ‘captured’ by Sara, allowing her to ‘save’ the Troy Empire.” 
He continued, “At that point, we’ll establish Sara as the new queen. In the future, she can help us in the fight against the Demigod Empires outside the wilderness.” 
Perhaps the Trojans couldn’t defeat Lin Tian, given that he had the aid of dwarves, dragons, and even the Zerg.  
However, when it came to battling demigods, they had more experience. 
Upon hearing this, no one objected. 
“We’ll follow your lead.” 
“Whatever the boss decides, we’ll do!” 
“You know best in this area, so let’s go with that.” 
With everyone in agreement, Lin Tian began giving orders. “Alright, Big Sis, go notify the Ancient Dragons. Gobu Yue, inform the Dwarves and have them come to bolster our forces. Alice, start assembling the army.” 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 218: The Glory of the Trojans!! Unfazed Even if Outmatched! 
TL: Sungmin  
Everyone immediately sprang into action. 
They had become calm and composed. After all, this was no longer a big deal. The real spectacle lay in preparing to leave the wilderness. 
Perhaps, for those outside the wilderness, it was hard to imagine that any creatures were still alive within it. 
Lin Tian decided to give them a huge surprise. 
So, it was important to develop properly first. 
At this moment. 
Sara couldn’t wait any longer and offered herself, saying, “Your Majesty, thank you! Thank you for fulfilling your promise! Right now, this is all I can offer. Come, I will do everything I can to make you happy!” 
Seeing her eager and grateful expression. 
Lin Tian declined, saying, “Forget it. Just remember to remain my puppet when the time comes. I’m not in the mood right now.” 
He had just been tormented by the One-Eyed Owl for several days. 
He had no interest whatsoever. 
However, supporting Sara had always been part of the plan, and he wasn’t worried about them betraying him. 
If they did, he would simply wipe them all out. 
Their survival was purely dependent on their own awareness. 
At the Great Tomb. 
The dragons quickly began to gather, arriving at the royal city to await their deployment. 
Unlike before, there was now a new dragon among them, one whose entire body shone like dazzling crystal! 
It was none other than the Purple-Gold Dragon Mother. 
Though she was still under 500 meters long, her combat power had already surpassed ten thousand, putting her on par with the Flame Dragon Mother! 
Such was the power of the Crystal Dragon. 
“You! How many more miracles are you going to create?! I heard you even killed a demigod!” The Purple-Gold Dragon Mother, now in a stunning humanoid form, said. 
She wore a glistening crystal gown, her figure slim and sensual. 
Lin Tian responded calmly, “If they provoke me, why wouldn’t I kill them? But I must say, your growth is impressive as well.” 
The Purple-Gold Dragon Mother giggled, “Yes! I have you to thank for that. Want me to repay you?” 
Seeing her playful gestures. 
Lin Tian couldn’t help but smile wryly, “Ahem, forget it. Don’t dragons only think about that kind of thing during mating season? How come you’re…” 
“Tch! Do you think I want to? You rascal. Little Black, never marry a man like your father in the future. First, he’s unfaithful, and second, he makes enemies everywhere. One day, he’ll get killed without even knowing how it happened.” The Purple-Gold Dragon Mother said with a huff. 
Little Black scratched her head in confusion. For her, it would take several decades, if not centuries, to mature. 
At this moment. 
Master Bill, Queen Adele, and a large number of dwarves all arrived at the royal city as well. 
“Your Majesty Lin Tian! Stirring things up again? This time, you better bring me along! My war machines will rust if I don’t put them to use! Hahaha!” 
Bill’s hearty, boisterous voice rang out from afar. 
During the last attack on the Free Empire, he had been too busy constructing the royal palace to join. 
Otherwise, Lin Tian would have taken him along. 
Lin Tian responded, “Don’t worry, if you’re willing to go, I’d be more than happy! Queen Adele, long time no see!” 
“Hmph, now you call me Queen? What should I call you then, Your Majesty, or perhaps, Queen Consort?” Adele said with a haughty expression. 
Lin Tian wore a bitter smile. 
Bill chimed in, “Your Majesty, if you like a flower, do you have to pluck it? If you like a cloud, do you have to bring it down from the sky to touch it?” 
“I understand, I was only joking.”  
Adele shrugged, then turned to serious matters, “The Trojan Empire seems very ancient and powerful, not something the War Empire can compare to. Are you confident?” 
“Don’t worry, their high-level combat power is almost wiped out. We’ve got this.” Lin Tian replied. 
This was the main reason he didn’t take the Trojan Empire seriously. 
All ten of their heroes and three of their war gods had already met their end. 
The only one left who could fight was the King of Troy himself. Even if he had a sun-class magical weapon, Lin Tian could just steal it. 
And if he couldn’t steal it, it didn’t matter. 
With so many high-level forces on his side, he could simply wear them down until they were dead. 
As Alice gathered 300,000 elite goblins, Lin Tian mounted the Purple-Gold Dragon Mother, preparing for battle. 
After all, the crystals on the Purple-Gold Dragon Mother’s body could also serve as protection. 
“By the way, has Persephia shared the puppet magic yet?”  
Lin Tian asked, realizing he had forgotten to assign someone to handle it. 
Gobu Yue raised her small hand, “Boss, she was resistant when others approached her, but later, I went to persuade her, and she passed it on to me.” 
“You?! But that’s human magic, right? You actually learned it?!” Lin Tian’s expression changed slightly, surprised. 
There was a clear distinction between humans and monsters. 
Many types of magic invented by humans could only be learned by humans, as one group used magical energy while the other used mana. 
To humans, the mana of monsters was considered an evil and corrupt force. 
It was powerful but needed to be restricted. 
Therefore, when creating magical skills, they typically made sure monsters couldn’t learn them. 
Only those black magic spells that yearn for monster mana could be learned. 
But black magic also represented evil and immense power, which made it forbidden and incredibly rare. 
Gobu Yue looked a bit bewildered. “I don’t know if I’ve really learned it, but I can make a lot of things move now, like this statue.” 
As she spoke, she pointed at a nearby lion statue. 
Immediately, the stone-carved lion, made from mottled minerals, sprang to life. It leaped and prowled, letting out a low, beastly growl. 
“This! No way, could puppet magic be black magic?” 
“No, it’s more likely that Lady Gobu Yue here is actually capable of learning human magic!” 
“How strange! Also, we’ve never seen her true form before. It’s unbelievable!” 
Everyone was shocked in this moment!  
What was even more astonishing was how quickly she had mastered puppet magic and was able to use it! 
Although it wasn’t considered world-class magic, it was a complex, compound spell that was extremely difficult to learn. 
Otherwise, it wouldn’t be regarded as the treasured national artifact of the Giant Elephant Empire. 
Lin Tian quickly calmed down. He was no longer surprised by Gobu Yue’s abilities, as she was a walking miracle and a complete mystery. 
He then said, “Alright, let’s get going. Our destination is far, and it will take a long time just to get there.” 
Everyone began to leave the city. 
Outside, the goblin army had already gathered, along with the dwarves’ magical war machines. 
They began their march! 
… 
The Trojan Empire. 
The weather today was particularly dreadful. 
Not only was the sun scorching high above, but a fierce yellow sandstorm also swept across the land. 
The sand particles were like sparks, burning anyone they touched. 
The King of Troy gazed at the sky with a heavy expression. 
Beside him stood an old woman dressed in strange garb, the empire’s High Priestess. 
The Trojan High Priestess was deep in her divinations when she suddenly gasped in shock, “Your Majesty, today’s harsh weather is an omen. It signifies that our empire will scatter like this yellow sand and no longer hold together…” 
“I asked you to predict whether the Trojan War Gods succeeded, and this is what you tell me? We’ve stood strong on this desert for thousands of years, and now you say we’ll fall apart like that?” the King of Troy bellowed. 
His outburst was understandable to the High Priestess. 
The empire had suffered great losses recently, which was why his mood was so sour. 
Not only had they failed to conquer the Goblin Empire, but they had also lost ten of their Trojan heroes, and the princess’ incident had become a national disgrace. 
It was enough to make anyone bitter. 
The High Priestess sighed and spoke with gravity, “Your Majesty, since I’ve divined the empire’s collapse, it means the Trojan War Gods have all perished and returned to the sands…” 
Thud! 
The King of Troy’s heart lurched. 
He had already suspected as much. After all, it had been too long without news from them. The odds of their survival were slim. 
He let out a heavy sigh. “Are we really going to be wiped out by a bunch of goblins? I can’t understand it. How could mere goblins rise to such power?” 
“How could the gods allow such an evil, lowly race to dominate this continent? Is he truly invincible within the wilderness?” 
At this, the High Priestess shook her head and replied, “Every race exists because the gods allow it, and that includes the goblins. But the fate of the Trojans lies in our own hands.” 
At that moment, something seemed to click for the King of Troy. His pupils narrowed, and he declared, “I understand now, High Priestess. The Trojans will fight to the end! Those mere goblins will be defeated by us!!!” 
With that, he pulled out a triangular golden eye amulet from around his neck. 
It was the legendary sun-class magic tool, the Millennial Eye! 
Thousands of years ago, this desert land was full of monsters and danger. 
The first Trojan was granted the ‘Millennial Eye’ by the gods and used it to establish the empire on this barren land. 
Now, the King of Troy intended to rely on the Millennial Eye to restore the glory of the empire, just as it had been created thousands of years ago! 
Guarding the empire was as glorious as building it. 
He immediately began summoning the elders from all the great families, preparing for a council. 
“How is it going? Have we killed that disgrace to Troy, Sara?” 
“Why haven’t the war gods returned after all this time?” 
“Calm down, His Majesty has called for a council meeting, which means there must be some progress.” 
The elders murmured amongst themselves. 
The King of Troy cleared his throat and spoke sternly, “Silence! Today, the High Priestess has brought grave news. The gods have said that the Trojan Empire will collapse, scattering like today’s sands. But I refuse to accept this! The fate of the Trojans has always been in our own hands! Are you all ready to fight these goblins to the death?!” 
His voice was loud and forceful. 
Its power stirred the room. 
Upon hearing this. 
The elders, who were no cowards, burst into laughter. 
“Hahaha! Goblins? Your Majesty, do you think we Trojans are afraid of such low-level monsters?” 
“Even if they are strong, even if we can’t defeat them, we will never fear them!” 
“Fight to the end!!!” 
Hearing their fiery responses. 
The King of Troy smiled with satisfaction. “Excellent, this is the spirit of the Trojans! Prepare yourselves to fight those damned monsters to the end. Once we defeat the goblins, we will rule the entire continent within the wilderness!” 
“Yes!!!” 
The whole room erupted in cheers! 
Their fighting spirit surged!!! 
Each of them was filled with fighting spirit, showing not the slightest hint of fear. 
Afterward. 
Under the leadership of the elders from their respective families, they began preparing for the upcoming battle. 
All that was left was to wait for the arrival of the goblin army. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 219: Sun-Class Magic Tool, Millennial Eye 
TL: Sungmin  
The land of yellow sand. 
At a glance, it seemed as if there was no difference at all. 
If not for the distant rising dunes, it would be easy to get lost here. 
“Swish!” 
In the sky, a massive shadow flashed by, blocking out the sun, bringing with it a fierce wind. 
It was a dragon. 
To the small animals struggling to survive in this yellow sand, it brought a bit of coolness. 
A pale yellow desert lizard closed its eyes in delight, feeling incredibly comfortable. 
But then— 
With a loud “smack,” it was stomped into the sand by a green armored foot, face-first. 
A massive army of goblins surged forth! 
All were clad in polished armor, with an average level of 50, each boasting over a dozen innate skills! 
Their vast force moved like a tidal wave, leaving darkness in its wake, and even the yellow sand was tainted by the saturation of magic. 
Thanks to Lin Tian’s economic development, there was enough money to forge armor and weapons. 
Three hundred thousand elite soldiers, averaging level 50, could already rival the forces of the semi-divine empires beyond the Uninhabited Zone. 
But it wasn’t enough—Lin Tian wanted to step out with an overwhelming, crushing force. 
Though the weather was unbearably hot, the goblin army included mutant ‘ice’ goblins, capable of releasing cold air. 
This prevented them from being roasted alive in their armor. 
This was one of the reasons why the Troy Empire was so powerful—foreign troops had trouble even making it to their lands. 
In the sky. 
From a distance, Lin Tian finally spotted a massive oasis, with a large city built within. 
It was undoubtedly the Troy Empire. 
Immediately, Lin Tian rode his Purple-Gold Dragon Mother to scout the situation. 
Upon hearing the flapping of dragon wings and the overwhelming surge of magic energy, the people of the Troy Empire grew alarmed and began preparing for battle. 
There was no specific military force. 
Everyone was a soldier! 
Even the king came to the city wall, his face full of disdain. “I knew you’d come, damn goblin! Where’s your army? Could it be they’ve already died from the heat in the sand, hahahaha!” 
“Hmph, I’m just here to give you a warning. If you surrender, I’ll give you a chance to live. If you resist, I won’t hesitate to kill you all!” Lin Tian said. 
Gazing into the city, he estimated there were roughly over a million people. 
Not a large number, but every family had someone capable of using Hero’s Power. 
Though they weren’t as formidable as those who had followed Sara, they were still of elite monster strength. 
Upon hearing Lin Tian’s threatening words, the Trojans showed no fear; instead, they burst into laughter. 
“Hahaha! You ugly goblin, you’ve threatened the wrong people! I’m a Trojan!” 
“Your Trojan father doesn’t even know how to spell the word ‘surrender’!” 
“Don’t think that just because you’re riding a dragon, you’re something bigger than it! You’ll always just be a lowly monster!” 
“Surrender? Maybe if you kneel down and beg us, we might consider it!” 
At that moment, the King of Troy also spoke loudly, “The glorious Trojans will never surrender to monsters! Goblin, we are ready to fight you! If you dare, come at us!!!” 
The entire city burst into an uproar! 
Battle intent surged, matching the intensity of the scorching, sand-filled heat! 
Lin Tian merely chuckled disdainfully, “Alright, I hope you can remain so proud in a moment, and live up to your so-called glory!” 
“Hm?” 
Suddenly. 
The king’s brow furrowed, his gaze focusing on the distance where the heat waves twisted the horizon, now obscured by a black mass. 
He couldn’t make out what it was. 
In the sky, countless specks were rapidly approaching. 
Closer and closer. 
Finally, he saw it clearly! 
“Prepare for battle! Prepare for battle!!!” The king roared, his voice cracking with panic, veins bulging on his forehead! 
Hearing the urgency in his voice, the Trojans climbed the city walls, tall buildings, or went outside to check the situation. 
On a statue, a thin man climbed up, confusion written all over his face. 
But when he looked up, it was as if someone had poured a bucket of cold water over him! 
His nerves tensed! 
“How is this possible?!” 
Shocked beyond words, he tumbled from the statue, falling more than ten meters to the ground. 
Yet he ignored the pain, his face filled with terror. 
People gathered around, asking, “What’s going on outside?!” 
“Dragons, a sky full of dragons! Strange iron machines! And goblins—countless goblins! They’re coming, they’re all coming!” 
The arrogance he once had, the pride he once held. 
At this moment, it all seemed to vanish. 
He even felt like crying! 
The difference in power was too overwhelming—so staggering that it left people in utter despair. 
Upon hearing this, the crowd still seemed half-doubtful. 
The king’s face had already turned ashen, shocked as he exclaimed, “How is this possible? Hundreds of thousands of elite soldiers! How could you possibly have that many soldiers? And more importantly, how did you even get them here?” 
In such a short time, Lin Tian had amassed three hundred thousand elite, fully-equipped soldiers. 
It was nothing short of a miracle! 
What kind of immense wealth could accomplish this? The Troy Empire was already struggling to arm each soldier with a weapon, given how impoverished the land was. 
“So these are dragons… Could what the High Priestess said be true? And the dwarves, they possess such overwhelming power…”  
The king’s pupils trembled as if unable to process the vast amount of information. 
Even from afar, with everything in plain sight, the impact was just too much to bear. 
The sight of the dragons alone was far beyond anyone’s imagination. 
And the steel machines created by the dwarves? They seemed utterly unstoppable! 
It wasn’t just him. 
The Trojans who saw this with their own eyes were all rendered speechless in fear! 
The so-called aura of glory had completely vanished; if they weren’t forcing themselves to hold on, or if they had somewhere to run, they would have fled long ago! 
Not much later. 
The dragons arrived first, soaring over the city! 
They created a real-life ‘dragon’ whirlwind, circling endlessly, their presence pressing down on the entire city like a weight from the heavens! 
Even the flies didn’t dare to move, lying flat on the ground. 
The low growls of the dragons were like whispers of death! 
“This, this is a dragon! What kind of person would have the courage to even try to slay one?” 
“Such evil and terrifying creatures… Now I finally understand!” 
“Damn it, stay strong! It’s just a few dragons! We have Hero’s Power, which grants us immunity to a lot of fire damage!” 
“But, look outside…” 
When everyone saw the dense army of elite goblins approaching the city, true despair began to spread! 
In that moment, glory meant nothing. Foolish sacrifice was nothing more than stupidity! 
One by one, the expressions of the Trojans turned to panic, and they couldn’t stop trembling. 
This was the feeling of awaiting death. 
The King of Troy finally calmed himself after a long silence. “Everyone, follow me! We will resist to the end! The Millennial Eye will protect us!” 
With that, he raised the golden, triangular-shaped magic tool high! 
It burst with endless light, enveloping the entire Troy Empire! 
It blocked all external attacks. 
The most absurd part was that they could still attack from within! 
This was the strength of a Sun-class magic tool. It gave off the same impression as an overpowered in-game item, one that disrupted the balance due to its insane stats. 
“So it turns out it’s just a defensive magic tool?” 
Lin Tian felt a bit relieved, at least knowing he wouldn’t be caught off guard initially. 
He then sneered, “Hmph, so the so-called glorious Trojans are just going to hide like turtles in their shells?” 
The king looked disdainfully at Lin Tian. “Turtle in a shell? You clearly don’t understand the true power of the Millennial Eye!” 
As he spoke, he began to form a magical array in his hands. “World-Class Magic: Sandstorm Giant!” 
“Sssss!” 
As the magical array solidified, large amounts of yellow sand began to stir, forming into a massive sand giant. 
It was nearly a thousand meters tall—truly awe-inspiring. 
The most terrifying part was that the sand giant was immortal. Even if it was destroyed, it would immediately reform. 
As long as the caster had enough magic power. 
The king quickly ordered, “Everyone, help me channel magic power! We’ll wear them down first!” 
Nervously, the people stepped forward to assist. 
But in the very next moment. 
Five war machines opened their gaping maws and began devouring the sand giant. 
In no time, it was eaten clean, making it impossible to reform. 
“Hahaha! Tricks like that won’t work in front of us dwarves!” Bill sneered. 
Ever since the first war machine had shown such impressive results in combat, Bill had teamed up with other dwarven craftsmen to build five more. 
After all, with the funding of the Goblin Empire, they could afford to be extravagant. 
Seeing this, the King of Troy’s face darkened again. He desperately tried to reassure himself, knowing that the Millennial Eye still protected them. 
No need to worry too much. 
He then taunted, “Don’t be too arrogant! With the Millennial Eye here, what can you do to me?” 
Upon hearing this. 
Lin Tian knew the time had come. The king was entirely fixated on the Millennial Eye. 
A flash of light appeared in Lin Tian’s hand. 
Lucky Steal activated! 
“Congratulations, you have gained a feeling of ‘fear of death.’ Would you like to take it?” 
Huh? 
Lin Tian was momentarily stunned, then cursed, “Hmph, what a joke this Trojan glory is! Even their king is scared to death! Since you’ve chosen to resist, now you must face the consequences!” 
“You—!” 
The King of Troy’s expression shifted, as though his worst fear had been exposed, but he was too shaken to respond. 
With a single command from Lin Tian. 
The dragons, the goblin army, and the dwarves all launched a ferocious assault! 
Though the Millennial Eye was powerful, its defensive capacity was still limited. 
Under the barrage of attacks. 
Especially from the dragons’ flames. 
The Trojans inside the city could barely see anything outside, with the onslaught looming just beyond, the defensive barrier ready to collapse at any moment. 
The impending sense of doom overwhelmed their hearts! 
Once the defense of the Millennial Eye collapsed, the relentless and concentrated attacks would directly fall upon them. 
Without any high-level combat strength, they were nothing more than lambs awaiting slaughter. 
The King of Troy was already on the verge of despair. His most powerful attack had been countered with a single move, and now, the tide had turned against him completely. 
“Your Majesty, give it up. This is an inevitable conclusion. The stage now belongs to the goblins. If you choose to surrender, perhaps it will make things easier for everyone,” the High Priestess said, her voice shaky as she hobbled over. 
Her tone was heavy with meaning. 
As the elder of the empire, she couldn’t act recklessly in such a dire situation. 
But she wasn’t the king, and her words ultimately didn’t hold the final say. 
The king roared angrily, “Nonsense! An inevitable conclusion? We haven’t even fought back yet! If we die, we die pursuing glory! My people, the Millennial Eye won’t hold much longer—fight with all you’ve got!!!” 
“What!?” 
The crowd’s expressions changed drastically. 
But before they had time to think, they heard a resounding crack! 
The sky-high defense shattered. 
The golden glow of the Millennial Eye faded, falling to the ground like scrap metal. 
“Charge!!!” 
With the roar of Gobu Kuang leading the charge, a million goblins stormed the city! 
The war machines rolled in, crushing everything in their path. City walls and buildings crumbled into ruins in an instant! 
The sounds of battle cries, the deafening roar of machinery, and the terrifying growls of the dragons echoed through the city! 
All of it combined into an overwhelming cacophony that left the Trojans in stunned silence, their minds blank, unsure of what to do! 
It wasn’t until the goblin blades pierced their chests that they finally reacted, desperately trying to fight back. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 220: The Strongest Power, the Zerg Empire 
TL: Sungmin  
“Hero’s Power!!!” 
An elder raised his staff and shouted, his body glowing brightly. 
“Pfft!” 
But in the next second, a sharp blade pierced through his heart. 
Alice withdrew her Ominous Blade, wiped off the still-warm blood, and searched for her next target. 
Not far away, the One-Eyed Owl also punched and killed a Trojan wielding Hero’s Power. 
Their goal was clear: kill those who possessed Hero’s Power first. 
After all, whenever a member of a family with Hero’s Power died, the power would transfer to the next most worthy Trojan. There was no worry it would disappear. 
For a moment, the entire city echoed with cries of despair! 
Without high-level combat strength, it was a one-sided massacre! 
“Kekekeke!” 
The goblins feasted on the tender flesh first. 
Then they captured a large number of females, indulging in them without restraint. 
The bodies of men fell one after another, blood flowing like rivers. 
After a grueling thirty-two minutes of battle. 
Glory, pride, and confidence had all vanished! 
Only sobbing and pleading remained. 
“Help, help! We won’t resist anymore! Please don’t kill me!”  
A man knelt on the ground, furiously bowing his head to the goblins. 
“Pfft!” 
The glint of a blade flashed. 
His head separated from his body, blood spurting like a fountain! 
The same scene continued to unfold elsewhere. 
Even the elder knelt, begging for mercy, “Great Goblin King, please spare my people. Kill me instead! They’ve already surrendered!” 
Gobu Shan smiled wickedly, “Killing you wouldn’t be any fun. Then you couldn’t accompany your family, could you?” 
The Trojan elder was stunned, a bit surprised. “Ah? Thank you, thank you, Great Goblin King, for your mercy!” 
“Yes, I’m very kind. So, I’ll just kill your entire family so you won’t feel lonely! Kekekeke!” 
As Gobu Shan finished, his hands morphed into long, sharp bone blades. 
With a swift motion, limbs and body parts flew everywhere! 
Many didn’t even have time to scream. 
Watching this horrific scene from the city walls, the King of Troy was at his wit’s end, unsure what to do. “Why! Why is this happening! High Priestess, what should we do?!” 
Now, he fully understood the difference in strength! 
Despair engulfed his heart and the entire city! 
“Sigh… There’s no turning back, Your Majesty. It was by your own hand that the fall and dissolution of the Trojan Empire were brought about…” The High Priestess shook her head and sighed. 
Beside them, the sound of dragon wings flapping filled the air. 
The Purple-Gold Dragon Mother gently landed on the city wall. 
Lin Tian descended from her back, like a demon king of chaos. The desperate screams from within the city seemed to serve as his background music. 
He laughed, “King of Troy, come now. Let me see how you die for your so-called glory…” 
“Thud!!” 
The scene changed dramatically. 
The King of Troy knelt on the spot, frantically bowing his head, “Great Goblin King, I beg of you, spare us! The Trojans are willing to surrender! I… I don’t want to see the empire destroyed in my hands!!!” 
Leading an empire to victory was a supreme honor. 
But leading it to destruction was an unbearable disgrace! 
He couldn’t accept it. 
Lin Tian sneered, “No, no, no. I want you all to understand the price of choosing glory! Fools like you don’t deserve to live!” 
“I’m sorry!” 
The King of Troy continued to beg. 
At this point, regret was an understatement. 
He was so wracked with guilt that he felt as if he was about to be torn apart. 
“The fate of the Trojans has always been in their own hands? Hahaha, that’s hilarious! Today, I’ll show you that it’s actually in my hands!”  
Lin Tian took a deep breath. 
The sharp scent of blood filled his nose, mixed with the bitterness of regret. 
Beside him, the King of Troy continued, “I am willing to have my people produce goblins for you! We’re willing to give up everything, willing to become your slaves! Please stop, Great Goblin King!!!” 
If this continued, everyone would die. 
Watching his friends and family perish before his eyes was one of the most excruciating feelings. 
“Ahhhh! I’m begging you!!!” 
Lin Tian didn’t respond with a single word, nearly driving the King of Troy to the brink of collapse. 
He shouted powerlessly, his whole body trembling! 
Because every second, hundreds or thousands of people were dying. 
Hearing the heart-wrenching cries for help from his citizens, yet being powerless to stop it. 
Now, it had become a cat-and-mouse game! 
The Trojans captured by the goblins were either killed or played to death. 
If they had died in a fair and honorable battle, perhaps the King of Troy wouldn’t have broken down like this, but such a death was utterly unacceptable. 
Lin Tian simply watched, without answering. 
He now fully understood the immense harm that cold violence could inflict. 
Luckily, he was the perpetrator. 
But just then, a graceful figure flickered across the city wall. 
Silently, she appeared behind Lin Tian, pressing a sharp blade hard against his neck. “Make the goblins stop, or I’ll kill you!” 
“Sa… Sara!!! My daughter! You… you’ve done well!”  
Upon seeing this, the kneeling King of Troy’s eyes lit up, his expression changing dramatically! 
Excited, he jumped to his feet! 
Sara, with a serious expression, continued to threaten him. 
Lin Tian’s eyes darted around before he quickly called out, “Everyone, stop!” 
At his command, all the goblins stopped. 
As they had been forewarned, Alice and the others weren’t too panicked, merely pretending to be tense. 
“Who is that? It’s Sara, Princess Sara!” 
“Thank goodness, we’re finally saved! I never thought the princess would return to rescue us!” 
“I get it now! The princess endured among the goblins just for this moment!” 
“I feel so guilty! I even supported killing her!” 
The surviving Trojans were overcome with emotion. 
In such a desperate situation, being rescued, even by someone who had once killed their families, was a debt they were willing to forgive. 
Not to mention, she hadn’t done anything wrong this time. 
Sara continued, “Order all of your goblins to withdraw from the Trojan Empire and never set foot here again! Or I will kill you!” 
“Sara, is it worth it? They sent people to kill you, and now you’re not even a Trojan anymore!” Lin Tian feigned panic. 
Hearing this, the King of Troy immediately declared, “From this day forward, Muhammad Sara is restored to Trojan citizenship, and furthermore, she is the new queen!!!” 
“Long live Queen Sara!” 
“The savior of Troy!” 
No one dared to object. They even felt a deep sense of shame. 
Seeing her goal had been achieved, Lin Tian suppressed a smile. “Heh, they say it’s hard to guard against betrayal from within. Fine, you win this round. Let me go, and I’ll leave!” 
After Sara released him, Lin Tian didn’t say anything more and ordered his army to retreat. 
They disappeared into the horizon, swallowed by the sands. 
Upon seeing this, the Trojans were so moved that they nearly broke down in tears. The feeling of surviving such a disaster left them trembling uncontrollably. 
“Sara, I’m so sorry! You’ve suffered so much during this time!!!”  
The King was filled with relief as he embraced her tightly. 
The others began to worship her as well. 
Even the surviving elders clasped their hands high above their heads, bowing deeply in reverence. 
This was a salute to the highest honor. 
It also symbolized their recognition of Sara. 
Honor or desire. 
Either way, what Sara had longed for in her heart had been fulfilled in this moment. 
‘Honor.’ 
This was something every Trojan had been immersed in since childhood, something they all pursued. 
It was also the source of Hero’s Power. 
To obtain honor, one could even resort to any means necessary. 
Sara suppressed her joy as she looked at everyone offering her the highest level of respect. Content, she said, “As long as everyone has survived, I am already satisfied!” 
“I’m sorry, my daughter. You probably already know that I sent war gods to hunt you down. 
I’ve made two foolish decisions, and I’m no longer fit to be king. From now on, you are the queen!” 
The old king said, his face full of guilt. 
Upon hearing this, Sara did not refuse. She wouldn’t forget Lin Tian’s instructions. 
In the following days, she focused on managing and rebuilding the empire. 
After about ten days, she decided it was time to leave, letting the old king serve as the regent for now. 
After all, she had already planned to follow Lin Tian. 
Because Lin Tian’s glory was something she admired. 
In any case, her goal had been achieved. 
In the hearts of everyone in the Trojan Empire, she was the new queen, the greatest among them. 
Every command she gave was followed without question. 
If Lin Tian had forcibly ruled the Trojan Empire, there would have been hidden dangers, and they might have rebelled. 
Supporting a puppet king, however, was a different story. 
Sending them to their deaths could be accomplished with just a single command. 
“I must continue to remain undercover in the Goblin Empire, observing their movements. So, I’ll leave for now. Don’t even think about revenge; survival is the most important thing!” 
After making her announcement, Sara left amid the people’s pleas for her to stay and their ever-deepening reverence. 
… 
Goblin King City. 
During this time, the battles had not ceased; there was no time to rest. 
Although the major empires had been conquered, there were still over a dozen smaller nations. 
To prevent them from uniting and forming a formidable Great Empire, Lin Tian dispatched troops overnight to eliminate them all! 
The goal was to uproot every last one. 
The desolate land within the Uninhabited Zone was now ravaged. 
In a small empire, the final scream signaled the end of another conquest. 
Lin Tian wiped the blood from the Spear of Zeus, mounted the Purple-Gold Dragon Mother, and soared into the sky. 
Gazing at the devastated earth below. 
Perhaps for these empires, it was nothing but despair and death. 
But for Lin Tian, this was a rebirth, like dead wood sprouting in spring. 
This land would become his Eden. 
A place of carefree growth and expansion! 
No one could stop it. 
Such an achievement, whether it was Alice or the One-Eyed Owl, left them both full of disbelief. 
They couldn’t fathom that they had been part of this—nearly unifying the entire world. 
Of course, that was only within the Uninhabited Zone. Crossing beyond it was almost impossible, not to mention the challenge of defeating the demigod empires or the mythic empires outside the zone. 
“Let’s go. We can finally enjoy the beauty of life for a good, long while!”  
Lin Tian smiled with satisfaction. 
No longer worried about who might come after him, no longer fearing death in this brutal world. 
Because now, he was the most brutal of them all. 
Hearing this, the Flame Dragon Mother spoke up, “Have you forgotten about the Zerg Empire? Though they haven’t participated in outside wars for thousands of years, they are the strongest force within the wilderness.” 
You can read extra chapters at <a href="https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/">Etude Translations</a> linked to Patreon! <a href="https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/">https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/</a> 
If you have any questions about updates, join our Discord: <a href="https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC">https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC</a> 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 221: A Green Caterpillar? Or Rayquaza?! 
TL: Sungmin  
The Zerg Empire? 
Lin Tian’s expression grew grim. 
By all rights, the Zerg Empire hadn’t participated in any external wars for thousands of years. 
Perhaps they wouldn’t directly affect him. 
As for seizing the Zerg Queen or Ant Queen as top-tier tools for goblin production—now was not the right time. Improving his high-level combat forces took priority. 
Ultimately, to be on the safe side, he planned to use the Life Simulation System to assess their attitude after returning. 
“I understand. Let’s head back and enjoy ourselves for now. I’ll handle the rest,” Lin Tian replied to the Flame Dragon Mother. 
The army began its march back to the Goblin Empire. 
Or rather, it was all part of the Goblin Empire anyway—they were just going home. 
Although many territories had been conquered, no garrisons were stationed. 
There was no need for it. 
The aim was to complete unification, allowing for stable development, with the ultimate goal of breaking through the Uninhabited Zone together. 
Many empires, apart from their capital cities being razed, had their smaller towns left untouched. 
This was because they could be useful later. 
For example, as reserves for food or production tools. 
However, they would periodically check if there were any thoughts of rebellion, and if there were, the entire city would be exterminated. 
In the following days, everyone indulged in carefree revelry. 
Gobu Yue and the others, who were usually busy, leisurely basked in the sun. 
When the time was right. 
After his enjoyment, Lin Tian decided it was time to use the system to check the Zerg Empire’s future actions. 
If they didn’t make any major moves within a year, he could afford to leave them alone for now. 
[Life Simulation System starting. Current scenario: Unification of the wilderness. 
Under your leadership, the wilderness’s enemies have finally been eradicated. 
However, one final and greatest threat remains—the Zerg Empire. 
Whether they are friend or foe remains unclear, so you decide to meet with the Zerg Queen under the guise of cooperation. 
You aim to test her intentions. 
However, things don’t go smoothly. You lack the qualifications to meet the Zerg Queen and are blocked by several magic insects. 
Just as you’re about to leave, the Zerg Queen herself invites you inside. 
Upon seeing this massive creature, you are shocked. 
You express your desire to peacefully coexist with the Zerg Empire and develop together in harmony. 
Upon hearing this. 
The Zerg Queen flies into a rage, accusing you of disrespecting and insulting her. 
Several royal insects appear and begin furiously attacking you. 
Soon, you are killed within the Zerg Empire, your body tossed into the sewers to rot. 
In the days following your death, the Ant Tribe falls into civil war, with the Ant Queen dying as well. 
The Zerg Queen purges all pro-Ant Queen factions among the Zerg. 
Thus, the Zerg Empire is unified, and immediately, tens of millions of magic insects and over a hundred million Zerg soldiers are mobilized. 
With unstoppable force, they sweep through the Goblin Empire. 
The Troy Empire is also completely wiped out. 
The wilderness is fully unified, and they begin to develop elites, preparing for a war with demigods…] 
Upon seeing this, Lin Tian’s expression darkened, and he didn’t want to keep reading. 
“Damn it, I’m supposed to be the protagonist! How did it turn into the Zerg’s storyline?” 
He cursed. 
He then quickly ended the life simulation. 
[Summary: The Zerg’s power is overwhelming. You have no ability to resist. 
Score: 49/100 
Reward: 40 Life Points 
This life simulation has concluded. Time progression: 48 days.] 
Looking at the summary. 
Lin Tian began to think rapidly, and soon came to a conclusion. 
Indeed, the Zerg had developed for thousands of years and were extraordinarily powerful. 
Currently, he didn’t have the strength to fight them. However, the speed at which the Goblins were developing was something they couldn’t possibly anticipate. 
One year. 
In one year, it would be enough to contend with hundreds of millions of Zerg soldiers. 
However, another trip to the Zerg Empire was necessary, but this time not to meet with the Ant Queen—he had to face the Zerg Queen directly. 
He needed to analyze the combat capabilities of the magic Zerg. 
“Boss, are you there? Come quickly! Those human city-states we didn’t raze sent loads of envoys—and plenty of stunning beauties! Hehehe!”  
Outside the grand hall. 
Gobu Kuang pushed the door open with a grin. 
Lin Tian, frowning deeply, replied, “They’re yours. I still need to head to the Zerg Empire. Let everyone else know when you get the chance.” 
Gobu Kuang was stunned for a moment. “Boss, if you’re not enjoying them, I won’t either! I’m coming with you!” 
“Forget it. You’d only hold me back. That’s that,” Lin Tian said, getting up and summoning the Purple-Gold Dragon Mother, preparing to set off immediately. 
What he had to do in the Zerg Empire was crucial. 
It wasn’t something that could be accomplished with a large group; in fact, too many people might cause problems. 
… 
Returning to the Zerg Empire, the Purple-Gold Dragon Mother waited for him in the distant forest. 
When Lin Tian looked at the massive and majestic city, he couldn’t help but feel a surge of awe. 
He muttered, “No wonder they are considered the strongest. They’ve developed for thousands of years without engaging in any wars. But unfortunately, you’ve now met me…” 
With that, he stepped into the city. 
This time, the locust soldiers didn’t dare to block Lin Tian’s way. 
“Goblin?! Please, come in, come in!” 
“Take it slow, sir!” 
With the lesson learned from the Green Locust Tribe, these locust soldiers were much more obedient. 
They didn’t even charge Lin Tian a toll. 
One of them even said, “Goblin sir, would you like us to send word to the Ant Queen for you?” 
“No need, I’m here to see the Zerg Queen. Just show me the way,” Lin Tian replied. 
Upon hearing this, the two locust soldiers’ faces changed drastically. “What?! You’re going to see the Zerg Queen? No, no, Goblin sir, we have work to do! Please spare us!” 
They immediately knelt down, frantically kowtowing. 
They knew all too well about Lin Tian’s ruthlessness and the Zerg Queen’s terrifying power. 
It was truly a difficult situation for them. 
Seeing how well-behaved they were, Lin Tian didn’t make things harder for them. “Heh, interesting…” 
With a sneer, he walked into the city. 
He roughly remembered the location of the Zerg Queen’s palace from his view of the Zerg Empire’s full layout earlier. 
However, as he wandered through the towering, peculiar, and numerous insect-like buildings, he began to feel utterly lost. 
“Damn it, might as well find the Ant Tribe…” Lin Tian muttered, dizzy and frustrated. 
But before he could finish his thought, a voice sounded beside him. “Are you lost? Where do you need to go? I can take you there.” 
Hearing this, Lin Tian turned to look but saw nothing. 
“Hello, are you lost?” the voice echoed again. 
The voice was so close—it felt as if it was right in front of him! 
A chill ran down Lin Tian’s spine, his skin crawling. “What the hell… Is this place haunted?” 
Though he had seen real ghosts before, encountering one in a dark alley was still unnerving. 
“Look down, I’m right here…” 
For a moment, Lin Tian looked down. 
There, a chubby, gray-green caterpillar was gazing up at him with an innocent, cute face. 
What the hell! 
This was scarier than seeing a ghost! 
What kind of uncanny valley effect was this? 
A giant cabbage worm, with the face of a pure, adorable baby! 
“Shit! What kind of monster is this?”  
Even though Lin Tian himself was a goblin, he couldn’t help but curse at the sight of this bizarre creature. 
He took a few steps back, immediately pulling out the Spear of Zeus, ready for battle. 
Hearing his reaction, the fat caterpillar looked a bit crestfallen. “I-I’m not a monster… I’m just from the Green Caterpillar Tribe… Did I scare you? I’ll leave right away, sorry…” 
It slowly and laboriously began to turn around, inching away. 
But upon closer inspection, Lin Tian found the little creature rather cute. 
About a meter long, with a dirty, greyish hue—it wasn’t particularly frightening. 
He called out, “Hey, wait a second. Do you know where the Zerg Queen’s palace is?” 
“The Zerg Queen’s palace? I know, but it’s off-limits and very dangerous. You really shouldn’t go there,” the caterpillar replied, turning its head with a pitiful expression. 
Lin Tian’s eyes lit up. “As long as you know, that’s good enough. Take me there.” 
“Um… okay,” the caterpillar reluctantly agreed, starting to lead the way. 
Although it moved slowly, Lin Tian saw it as an opportunity to learn more about the Zerg Empire along the way. 
As they wound through the twisted and complex streets of the Zerg Empire, they encountered a variety of insect people—scorpions, centipedes, mantises, fleas, and more. 
All of them were mutated, magical versions of their original insect forms. 
Their combat abilities varied widely, depending on their species. 
The power structure seemed to follow the natural hierarchy of the insect world. 
For example, a mantis could easily defeat locusts or caterpillars. 
Curious, Lin Tian asked, “Hey, little guy, what species are you from?” 
Although he could easily use the system to check, he was bored and thought some conversation might be nice. 
Upon hearing his question, the caterpillar hesitated noticeably. “I… as you can see, am just a fat worm that can’t even stand up. I’m from the lowest tier of creatures in the Zerg Empire…” 
As they spoke, a massive locust humanoid came out of a nearby building, dumping a heap of vegetable leaves and tree root scraps onto the street. 
Seeing this, the caterpillar lit up like it had found treasure, immediately rushing over to munch on the discarded scraps. 
Its face was puffed up as it chewed eagerly. 
Its tiny, stubby antennae looked like they were hugging a gourmet meal. 
But in reality, it was just a rotten tree root. 
Lin Tian frowned. “What are you doing? Can you even eat that?” 
“Of course! It’s delicious! Super tasty! Do you want to try? But I don’t think goblins are vegetarians…” the caterpillar said as it dug through the pile, picking out the best-looking leaf— the only one that resembled actual food. 
It handed the leaf to Lin Tian. 
Lin Tian shook his head and asked, “Does the Green Caterpillar Tribe not have any development as a group? How could you survive on this kind of stuff for so long?” 
The Zerg Empire had a history spanning thousands of years. 
By now, every tribe had become very stable, and the different groups took care of one another. 
There was no way they could have survived for millennia just by eating scraps thrown away by others. 
“You’re right. I used to live with my tribe in a lush green forest, where we had an endless supply of leaves, tender roots, and tree sap,” the caterpillar explained. 
“But three years ago, the Mantis Tribe occupied our territory to lay their eggs and slaughtered my people. Maybe now, I’m the last remaining Green Caterpillar. These years, I’ve survived by eating the food scraps others throw away,” the caterpillar continued, as if recalling a painful memory. 
Tears welled up on its cute face. 
It stuffed a few wood chips into its mouth, trying to stifle its sobs. 
Lin Tian frowned. “Goodness, how did you get so fat just by eating scraps?” 
For a moment, the air seemed to freeze. 
Finally, the caterpillar couldn’t hold back anymore and began sobbing loudly. “Y-You heartless goblin! Is getting fat really the issue here? Waaaah! No more food for you!” 
With that, it stuffed the best-looking leaf into its mouth. 
Just like that, the crying stopped. 
Lin Tian didn’t know whether to laugh or cry. 
He then spoke more seriously, “Maybe I don’t have much sympathy for you, because I’ve seen too much of this kind of thing. But tell me, will you evolve into Rayquaza someday? If so, I’d be happy to help you.” 
“Rayquaza? What’s that? We don’t seem to evolve. Everyone in my tribe looks just like me,” the caterpillar responded, full of confusion. 
Lin Tian’s mouth twitched—damn, he had been too hasty. 
He thought this green caterpillar might evolve into Rayquaza. 
…. 
Rayquaza is a pokemon. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 222: The True Form of the Zerg Queen! 
TL: Sungmin  
“Yo, and who might this be? Oh, it’s you, you fat dead worm!” 
Suddenly. 
From the shabby hut just now, a giant locust over two meters tall reappeared, its face full of mockery. 
It reached out and grabbed the caterpillar, rubbing and twisting it around. 
After playing with it for a while. 
It growled viciously, “Spit it out! Who told you to eat my stuff?! You thief! In the Zerg Empire, thieves have their hands chopped off, you know that?!” 
“I didn’t, wasn’t that the discarded, unwanted food scraps?” the caterpillar said fearfully. 
But given its size and strength. 
It was like a toy, easily manipulated without a shred of dignity. 
The giant locust sneered coldly, “Who told you it was food scraps?! Who told you it was?! Huh! A thief acting righteous? Pay up!! If you don’t, I’ll cut off your arm!” 
Saying this, it squeezed the caterpillar’s body hard. 
It was about to crush it, leaving it in great pain. “I, I don’t have money! Just cut off one of my arms, please, stop squeezing me…”  
Its entire body trembled, terrified to the extreme. 
Compared to being crushed to death or paying money, losing one tentacle seemed the best choice. 
After all, it had over a dozen tentacles; losing one would only make it limp a little, not a big deal. 
“Hmph, fine!” 
In the next second! 
The giant locust broke off all of the caterpillar’s tentacles. 
A piercing scream escaped from its mouth, nearly making it pass out. “Aaaah! Lord Locust, why? Why did you break off all my tentacles? It hurts so much!” 
“Kekekeke, the rule is to cut off arms, but it didn’t say how many! Now scram, and don’t let me see you again!” 
The giant locust laughed sinisterly, tossing him to the ground. 
The caterpillar trembled all over, shivering from the intense pain, almost fainting. 
It tried hard to crawl away but couldn’t move at all. 
The dozens of broken tentacles were oozing green and red slime, and soon it would die. 
“Goblin, I can’t lead the way for you anymore. If you keep going forward, you’ll soon find the path to the Zerg Queen’s palace…”  
The caterpillar’s consciousness was fading, and it spoke weakly. 
Lin Tian remained silent. 
His face darkened, almost dripping with anger. 
Without a word, he opened his spatial ring, pulled out a bottle of Super Recovery Potion, and poured it over the caterpillar. 
In the blink of an eye, all of its injuries were healed. 
“You…! What is this stuff? It’s so miraculous!” 
The caterpillar was utterly shocked, never having seen such a thing before. 
Lin Tian still didn’t reply. Instead, he looked coldly at the nearby hut and said, “Hey! That locust from earlier, get out here!” 
“Who is it? A goblin? What, you lowly creature want to stand out?!” The giant locust emerged impatiently. 
Looking down with disdain, it said arrogantly, “I know you’re connected to the Ant Queen! But that doesn’t mean you can be arrogant in front of me. I serve the Zerg Queen! Even if I kill you, the Ant Queen won’t dare touch me!” 
Splurt! 
In the next instant. 
A heart was forcibly ripped out, still beating in Lin Tian’s hand. 
The giant locust’s eyes were full of shock and unwillingness. 
It collapsed to the ground. 
Lin Tian tossed the heart in front of the caterpillar. “Eat this. It’s way more nutritious than those rotten vegetables and tree roots!” 
“Ah?! I… I don’t dare, I don’t dare!” The caterpillar shrank back in fear, trembling as it spoke. 
Its eyes filled with disbelief. “You… you killed the giant locust?! They’re one of the Zerg Queen’s loyal races! Hurry, we need to leave, there’s still time!” 
“Forget that, I told you to eat! Are you going to eat or not?” Lin Tian was growing impatient. 
Under the shadow, his terrifying, sinister face grew larger and larger. 
Scared out of its wits, the caterpillar quickly started gobbling it down, forcing back its nausea. 
But after a few bites, it realized it tasted much better than vegetables.  
“Wow! Can I eat the rest?” 
It pointed at the giant locust’s corpse beside it. 
Lin Tian nodded, “Of course, if you eat it all, no one will notice.” 
In almost an instant. 
The caterpillar devoured the entire corpse, leaving nothing behind. 
“Let’s keep moving.” Lin Tian said after. 
The caterpillar led the way ahead, with Lin Tian following behind. 
When Lin Tian checked the caterpillar’s status panel again, he was surprised to find its strength had increased significantly! 
Previously, its battle power had been a pitiful 500, far below the lower limit. 
Now it had already reached 600! 
It also gained several new titles: “First Caterpillar to Eat Meat,” “Carnivore,” and “Mutation.” 
Mutation? 
Lin Tian remembered that this creature didn’t have this title before. 
He felt a bit like gambling—if he kept feeding it flesh, would it mutate into something like a Rayquaza or something? 
Though the chances were almost zero, given that they were from two different worlds. 
Still, it was worth a try. It would be like raising a pet anyway. 
As he pondered. 
Gradually, the number of Zerg around them became fewer and fewer. 
Eventually, there was not a single one in sight. 
Finally, the caterpillar stopped, trembling with fear. “I can only go this far. If you keep walking ahead, do you see that palace on the mountain in the distance? That’s where the Zerg Queen resides.” 
Following his gaze. 
On the distant horizon, atop a towering mountain, stood an enormous palace. 
It was completely pitch-black, with jagged, claw-like protrusions. It was massive. 
A conservative estimate would place it at over three thousand meters tall. 
“But I hope you don’t go there, because it’s extremely dangerous. Ever since I was young, my tribe has warned me to never get close. The Zerg Queen and her kind will devour other Zerg.” 
The caterpillar continued, his face full of worry as he looked at Lin Tian. 
“Alright, you’ve been pretty honest. Here’s some gold coins for your trouble.” 
Lin Tian didn’t hold back, taking out one hundred gold coins to improve the caterpillar’s life. 
If he used them sparingly, it would last him a good ten years or so. 
However, the caterpillar didn’t seem excited at all. “Forget it, even if you give them to me, they’ll just be stolen.” 
This guy… 
Lin Tian asked, “Are you interested in becoming my pet?” 
“You… you can’t insult a Zerg like that…” 
Upon hearing this, the caterpillar looked hurt. 
Lin Tian sneered, “I’m not insulting you. The Zerg Queen you’re so afraid of will eventually just be my toy. Being my pet is already a great honor for you.” 
Before he could finish his sentence. 
The caterpillar had already turned to leave, muttering, “Are all goblins insane…” 
“You fat little worm, are you looking to die?” 
Lin Tian quickly caught up, threatening him. 
The caterpillar sighed helplessly, “Someone like me would be better off scavenging for scraps. Why do you even want me as a pet? You’re not some pervert, right? Do you want me to warm your bed?” 
“In your dreams. You’re not even fit for that. Fine, if you want to leave, go ahead, but know you won’t escape from my grasp.” 
Lin Tian didn’t bother with him anymore. 
He figured he could catch him when they left the Zerg Empire. 
Looking at the vast and imposing Zerg Queen’s palace in the distance. 
Lin Tian began to move forward. 
He had only taken a few steps when several black beetles suddenly appeared, blocking his path. 
“Beyond this point is the Zerg Queen’s palace. Take another step, and you’ll die!” 
These beetles were all part of the Demon Zerg. 
However, they were clad in tough armor, each with a distinct shape. 
They were soldier bugs. 
Unlike the Ant Tribe, the Demon Zerg soldier bugs came in various forms—some could fly, some could run, some could burrow underground, and others could spit water or fire. 
In contrast, the Ant Tribe’s soldier ants were more uniform, only distinguished by their larger size. 
Lin Tian cautiously replied, “I am the King of the Goblin Empire. I wish to meet your Zerg Queen.” 
“The King of the Goblin Empire? What a joke! Take another step, and you’re dead!” The soldier bugs threatened coldly. 
Their dark, bead-like eyes fixed on him with hostility. 
Lin Tian was puzzled. Something wasn’t right. 
According to his previous life simulations, the Zerg Queen should have received him. 
Why wasn’t she giving any orders? 
Could it be because he killed her loyal giant locust? 
Quickly, Lin Tian said, “I’m here to surrender to the Zerg Queen. I wish to offer my allegiance to the great Zerg Empire…” 
Sure enough. 
The soldier bugs, upon hearing his words, relayed the message directly to the Zerg Queen’s mind. 
Moreover, the Zerg Queen could issue commands remotely. 
The soldier bugs immediately moved aside. “Follow us. The Zerg Queen says she will meet you.” 
Lin Tian smiled with satisfaction. 
This was exactly what he wanted. 
Feigning surrender would make them believe he posed no threat, and by offering his territory, he could gain time to develop. 
After all, even if Lin Tian fought to the death, there was no way he could take on the hundreds of millions of Zerg soldiers in a short amount of time. 
When they reached the massive palace. 
What appeared to be fierce, decorative tendrils loomed over the castle. But upon closer inspection, Lin Tian realized— 
Those weren’t decorations, but actual antennae! 
Towering into the sky! 
As he entered the palace, the sight before him was overwhelming. 
This towering castle, several thousand meters tall, was the Zerg Queen! 
Her body was pitch-black, her torso resembling that of a centipede, with layer upon layer of black armor encasing her. 
On either side of her torso were thick, muscular legs—hundreds, even thousands of them! 
Each leg embedded in the ground, causing the earth to crack and crumble. 
Her head was spider-like, covered in countless red eyes, and she had three pairs of powerful mandibles. 
She was as enormous as a mountain that no one could ever hope to scale! 
Over two thousand meters tall and more than three thousand meters long! 
Underneath her, Lin Tian seemed so small that it was hard for him to even breathe! 
However, this massive body shared a similarity with the Ant Queen—there was a normal-sized form growing from the top of her head. 
It was incredibly small. 
But exuded immense pressure. 
Her entire body seemed wrapped in black bandages. Long antennae extended from both sides of her arms and head, fluttering behind her in the wind. 
Her figure was fairly full, clearly indicating she was female. 
After all, she was the Zerg Queen, not a Zerg King. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 223: “Zerg Queen, I Love You!” 
TL: Sungmin  
“The Goblin King, is it? I’ve heard that you’ve already unified the continent within the wilderness. That’s quite impressive.” 
The voice of the Zerg Queen seemed to come from all directions, ethereal and without a clear source. 
Due to the difference in sound wave frequencies, it felt strange and overwhelming to hear. 
However, a shadow flickered across Lin Tian’s face. 
This damn creature—was she being sarcastic? 
He immediately forced a smile. “No matter how impressive, I’m nothing compared to you, Zerg Queen.” 
“Slick-tongued. I despise people like that…” 
Unexpectedly, the Zerg Queen suddenly grew angry without any apparent reason. 
Two black fleshy orbs suddenly ejected from her massive body. 
They bounced on the ground a few times with incredible elasticity. 
In an instant! 
They transformed into two seven or eight-meter-tall, vicious-looking black insects. 
Their entire bodies were covered in shiny, armor-like shells. 
The two insects opened their semi-circular mouths wide enough to swallow a cow and screeched at Lin Tian! 
Inside their gaping mouths, countless worm-like teeth were densely packed, making them horrifying to behold. 
Lin Tian remained unmoved, opening his status panel to check the strength of these creatures. 
These two black insects were called ‘Zerg Kings,’ similar to Ant Kings, but they were completely under the command of the Zerg Queen. 
They were Demon King-class creatures with a combat power of 16,000. 
Moreover… 
There was the Zerg Queen herself. 
[Zerg Queen: Lv100<br/>
Race: Ancient Demon Zerg<br/>
Profession: Grand Matriarch<br/>
Title: From Hell, Sovereign of All Insects, Hermaphrodite, Great Demon King…<br/>
Health: 4500<br/>
Strength: 1500<br/>
Defense: 1509<br/>
Skills: Production (can endlessly produce demon insects), Evolutionary Production (can produce evolved insects that counter enemies)<br/>
Equipment: None<br/>
Overall: 18,001] 
Looking at this unparalleled overall combat strength, a hint of caution flashed in Lin Tian’s eyes. 
She was truly a formidable opponent. 
Even Joan was no match for her. 
However, her main strength seemed to lie in producing demon insects. As for individual combat power, it was likely not her forte. 
A massive size didn’t necessarily mean overwhelming strength. 
Still, the insects she produced were daunting. 
She could casually summon two Demon King-class creatures, which was already terrifying. 
“Your Highness, Zerg Queen, I was only speaking the truth. How could goblins possibly compare to noble demon insects?” 
Lin Tian lowered his head, adopting a repentant tone. 
Hearing this… 
A hearty laugh echoed, and the Zerg Queen responded, “You’re quite sensible. With such an understanding, it’s no wonder you’ve come this far.” 
In the next moment… 
The two Demon King-class insects withdrew to the side. 
Lin Tian breathed a sigh of relief. In his previous life simulation, he had been killed outright for underestimating the Demon Zerg Tribe. 
Even though he still looked down on them, he needed to buy himself another year of development time. 
Bowing his head wasn’t a big deal. 
He continued, “With your noble presence, I dare not claim to have unified the land within the wilderness. The reason I’ve come this time is to pledge myself as a vassal nation, to submit to your rule. All the territory I’ve conquered would belong to you…” 
Upon hearing this… 
The Zerg Queen’s massive body shifted slightly, intrigued. “You’re willing to give me all the land? You’re more obedient than I expected.” 
“Of course…” Lin Tian kept his head down. 
But in the next second, the Zerg Queen changed her tone again. “However, you’re unworthy to be my vassal! Even more unworthy to submit to me! You hold no value to me!” 
As she spoke, the two Zerg Kings began sharpening their weapons, ready to strike. 
Lin Tian’s face darkened. 
He hadn’t expected this damn Zerg Queen to be so cunning and repulsive. 
Even after bowing this low, she still wanted to kill him. 
Hurriedly, he said, “Wait, I can be of value to the Zerg Empire! Does the Zerg Empire not wish to conquer the lands beyond the wilderness? We goblins can serve as your scouts!” 
“Oh? What you’re saying seems reasonable.” 
The Zerg Queen’s voice had barely fallen when the two Zerg Kings paused. 
But then she turned again, “However, our Zerg Tribe is vast in number and incredibly powerful. There’s no need for goblins to scout for us!” 
Lin Tian nearly despaired at hearing this. 
This wretched creature was not only hard to deceive, but also impossible to manipulate. 
With a quick shift in his expression, his gaze filled with affection, he said, “You misunderstand. I meant that goblins could serve as your slaves, doing anything you ask! Because… because I love you, my Queen, deeply!” 
At the mention of love… 
The Zerg Queen’s brow arched slightly, her tone mocking. “You… love me?” 
Lin Tian nodded vigorously. 
Immediately, the Zerg Queen burst into laughter. “A hideous, lowly goblin dares to love me? Dares to dream of possessing me? How delusional! But… did you say you’d do anything for me?” 
Lin Tian took a few slow steps forward and, with deep emotion, kissed one of her massive antennae. 
“Yes, my Queen, my great Zerg Queen. Even if it means death, I am willing!” 
“Shhh!” 
Suddenly, one of the Zerg Kings dashed forward, its sword-like arms slashing through the air.  
The attack halted just 0.1 centimeters from Lin Tian’s eye, barely stopping before it could crush his skull.  
But it stopped. 
The Zerg Queen, quite pleased, remarked, “Interesting. Very well then, from now on, you will serve me here. I want to see what a goblin’s love feels like…” 
For thousands of years, she had only been served by worker insects. 
Life had gotten rather dull. 
“Serve you here?” Lin Tian asked in confusion. 
The Zerg Queen rolled her eyes and explained, “Don’t get any foolish ideas, you despicable creature. By serving me, I mean you will clean up my waste every day and haul food for me. That’s it! Did you think you could mate with me?” 
“No, no, just being by your side is more than enough for me,” Lin Tian hurriedly nodded. This damned creature—she was just using him as her pet. 
At least he could stay alive for now. 
He would secretly develop the goblin forces and inform Gobu Yue and the others when the time came. It was already something he was familiar with. 
As long as the goblin population could surpass the insect race, they could declare war. 
The Zerg Queen’s expression shifted again. “It seems your sincerity is lacking. I’m starting to doubt whether you really love me. If you truly loved me, you’d at least show some interest in my body, wouldn’t you?” 
“So, what do you mean…?” Lin Tian looked at her, puzzled. 
The Zerg Queen’s lips curled upward into a very sinister smile. 
… 
From that day forward, Lin Tian had to clean up literal tons of waste for her every day. Her colossal body, spanning thousands of meters, excreted thousands of tons at a time! 
It could pile up into a small mountain. 
Due to her enormous size, she consumed massive quantities of food, which left Lin Tian nearly dead from exhaustion just moving it around. 
The more she ate, the more she produced. 
Luckily, worker insects helped out; otherwise, he would have died from the workload alone. 
The worst part came at night. 
Every night, Lin Tian was tied up by her tentacles and tortured relentlessly—often for the entire night. 
And the Zerg Queen forced him to engage only with her enormous insect body, not her true form. 
If she wasn’t satisfied, he would be killed. 
Fortunately, the Evil Goblin skill he had plundered before came in handy, allowing him to “adjust” his body size to meet her demands. 
However, the downside of enlarging his body was that he lost ten pounds each time. Lin Tian, already frail, now looked as emaciated as when he had first transmigrated. 
It was as if he had seen “Sister Angel” once again. 
For days, he hadn’t had the opportunity to send a message to the Flame Dragon Mother. 
The Zerg Queen had completely confined him, treating him as her slave. 
Not only did he have to work, but he also had to “serve” her. 
There are typically two types of slaves: labor slaves and personal slaves, but rarely would someone endure both roles simultaneously. 
Yet Lin Tian… 
“I will get revenge for this! Damned insect! When the time comes, I’ll capture your true form and make you both types of slave!” Lin Tian swore darkly to himself. 
The next day. 
With three times his usual speed, Lin Tian cleaned the waste and delivered all the food. 
He even went above and beyond, fully satisfying the Zerg Queen. 
Finally, he earned a brief period of time outside. 
Unfortunately, he still couldn’t reach outside the Zerg Empire to send a message to the Flame Dragon Mother due to the vast distance. 
So, he decided to seek out the Ant Queen. 
He planned to have her help send a message and expose the Ant King’s betrayal as leverage against the Zerg Queen. 
Inside the Ant Palace. 
When the Ant Queen saw Lin Tian, she was surprised. “Goblin King, it hasn’t been that long since we last met, but you look thinner.” 
His eyes were sunken, his cheeks hollow. 
His legs were as thin as bamboo sticks. 
It looked like a gust of wind could blow him over. 
Lin Tian cursed under his breath as he explained everything and made his requests. 
Upon hearing his story, the Ant Queen was astonished, thinking Lin Tian might have gone mad. 
“You’ve been enslaved by the Zerg Queen? As both types of slave? And the Ant King plans to betray us? What… what is all this?” 
However, looking at his appearance, it didn’t seem like he was lying. 
She immediately dispatched a scout ant to pass the message and instructions to the Flame Dragon Mother. 
The Ant Queen then asked, “Are you sure? The Ant King would betray us?” 
“Absolutely,” Lin Tian replied, his tone urgent. “Time is running out. If you trust me, gather your soldier ants immediately. I’ll help you kill the Ant King.” 
“From what you’ve said, it does seem possible. The Ant King would do anything to ensure the survival of the Ant Tribe. But I’m more curious about your second slave role,” the Ant Queen said teasingly. 
Lin Tian’s face twitched. “There’s only one chance. If I leave, you might all be doomed. Is this really the time for jokes?” 
“Alright.” 
As soon as the Ant Queen spoke, thousands of soldier ants gathered. 
Their average combat strength wasn’t high, only around 1,000 to 2,000. 
But five or six thousand wasn’t the limit. It was just the palace’s capacity—there were millions more soldier ants outside. 
The Ant Queen spoke gravely, “I can send an endless stream of soldier ants to swarm him, but are you certain you can defeat him?” 
“Hmph, I’m more confident than anyone!” Lin Tian scoffed, pulling out the Spear of Zeus. 
This mission had to succeed, no matter what. 
Otherwise, there might never be another opportunity to leave. 
The Ant King had a combat power of 16,000, while Lin Tian’s was 15,000, boosted by his encounter with the Zerg Queen.  
With the constant reinforcements of soldier ants, defeating the Ant King shouldn’t be a problem. 
Suddenly. 
A wave of powerful demonic energy surged through the palace doors, carried by a chilling gust of wind, filling the air with dread! 
The voice of the Ant King echoed, “Your Majesty, Ant Queen, were you looking for me?” 
You can read extra chapters at <a href="https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/">Etude Translations</a> linked to Patreon! <a href="https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/">https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/</a> 
If you have any questions about updates, join our Discord: <a href="https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC">https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC</a> 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 224: The ‘Rescue’ of Lin Tian Operation 
TL: Sungmin  
“That’s right, the outside world has now been unified by His Majesty, the Goblin God. The safety of the Zerg Empire can be assured.” 
“So your role isn’t important anymore. Go die for me!” the Queen Ant coldly ordered. 
However, the Ant King was not on board. “But if I die, the safety of the ant race won’t be guaranteed… Your Majesty, forgive me for disobeying, especially with your presence…”  
His dark, bead-like eyes revealed a chilling gleam. 
He continued, “Gathering so many soldier ants—clearly, Her Majesty the Queen is aware of my intentions. But do you think these soldier ants can protect you?” 
“I can’t believe you really want me dead! I gave birth to you! Your life was given by me!” The Queen Ant, both shocked and furious, questioned him. 
The Ant King hesitated briefly, then spoke, “But my duty is to protect the ant race. Your delusion of opposing the Zerg Queen will lead the ant race to an eternal doom. Therefore, I must eliminate you and nurture a new Queen…” 
“In that case, go die! There can only be one Queen!”  
The next moment, countless soldier ants surged like a flood toward the Ant King! 
Swish! 
Yet the Ant King’s demon-level strength was no joke. With a single push, he sent waves of soldier ants flying. 
The sharp spines on his body were deadly weapons! 
He easily harvested the lives of many soldier ants. 
The speed at which the soldier ants swarmed in couldn’t match the speed at which he slaughtered them! 
In such a losing situation, the Ant King quickly approached the Queen Ant, his murderous intent soaring! 
“Forgive me, Queen!” The Ant King’s goal was clear as he rushed forward, his aura overwhelming. 
Seeing this, the Queen Ant trembled in fear. “Your Majesty, the Goblin God, act quickly!” 
Pfft! 
Suddenly, a pure white spear shot up from the ground! 
Unfortunately, the Ant King’s carapace was too tough. Although it aimed for his heart, it slipped and stabbed into his left abdomen instead. 
“Goblin King?! I knew you were involved! I didn’t want to be your enemy, but now you must die too!”  
The Ant King, seemingly unaffected, struck back at Lin Tian! 
The terrifying force was so overwhelming that the mere wind from his fist nearly suffocated him! 
Fortunately, Lin Tian had the advantage of speed and easily dodged. “Hmph, it’s a pity I couldn’t kill you, but next time you won’t be so lucky…” 
He retreated as he spoke. 
More soldier ants charged forward, overwhelming the Ant King. 
In the chaotic battle, Lin Tian repeatedly tried to ambush and stab the Ant King, but it was much harder now. Having been exposed, the Ant King was constantly on guard. 
Since that’s the case, it was time for a head-on fight! 
With a combat power of 16,000, only a difference of 1,000, if Lin Tian couldn’t take him down, that would be too pathetic. 
“Forget it, I planned to wait for you to wear yourself out, but time is tight, so I’ll take you down now.” Lin Tian’s face darkened. 
The Ant King warily stared at him, just about to say something. 
Then, a deafening screech pierced the air! 
Lin Tian used Ruinous Howl and immediately launched a fierce assault, slicing off both of the Ant King’s arms in one strike. 
“Die!” 
The enraged Ant King, now clear-headed, roared and struck back. 
Lin Tian quickly retreated and used his long-range skill, Anubis’ Soul Drain! 
By now, the Hero’s Power’s Blessing had already been activated. 
This time, it once again left the Ant King stunned. 
With two strong control skills, Lin Tian didn’t fear one-on-one combat with anyone; he was just cautious by nature. 
Seizing the moment, he created two more gaping wounds on the Ant King’s body! 
“Be careful, his recovery ability is strong!” the Queen Ant warned. 
But Lin Tian didn’t care in the slightest. “Is that so?” 
The Ant King, feeling the excruciating pain in his body, pulled back to recover his injuries. 
Yet, after waiting for a while, his wounds failed to heal. 
In disbelief, he muttered, “This is impossible! Why can’t I recover?” 
“Nothing is impossible!” Lin Tian said as he flashed forward to continue his pursuit. 
In their fierce clash, Lin Tian began to overpower the Ant King. 
This only made the Ant King more incredulous. “How could a goblin possibly possess strength on par with mine?! Who are you, really?!” 
The breathing technique allowed Lin Tian to exert maximum strength perfectly. 
Each casual strike of his was equivalent to others fully charging for several seconds. 
Lin Tian still appeared relaxed. “Stop resisting. You’re already in your death throes!” 
As he spoke, he transformed into a black meteor, darting swiftly! 
“I’ve got you!!” The Ant King roared hysterically, unleashing a full-force strike directly in front of him! 
His powerful arm, capable of cleaving mountains and splitting the earth, shot forward! 
Boom! 
The sound of an explosion echoed! 
Lin Tian was flung out of the dust cloud, sliding a considerable distance before steadying himself. 
All around him, pieces of his shattered life armor lay scattered. 
However, like a swarm of insects, the soldier ants reassembled and crawled back onto him. 
Amidst the smoke and dust, Lin Tian pulled out his almost rusted Elemental Hand Crossbow, switching to fire element and shooting forward! 
Boom!!!! 
What was thought to be a minor blast erupted into an overwhelming inferno, flooding the entire palace like a tidal wave! 
Lin Tian turned around without needing to look back. 
The swirling dust in the air only required a small flame to ignite a dust explosion. 
And the Ant King stood right in the center of the dust zone, suffering the full brunt of the damage. 
When everything calmed down, 
a charred corpse lay on the ground. 
The Ant King had lost all signs of life. 
The others were merely lightly scorched by the flames, not enough to cause serious injury. 
“Done,” Lin Tian said casually. 
He hadn’t even broken a sweat. 
Killing a Demon King was possible, but usually, there wasn’t much need for it. 
As a boss-level figure, he typically wouldn’t get involved personally. 
But this time, there were no underlings to take care of things. 
The Queen Ant’s eyes were wide with hearts in them, “Oh my! Goblin King, if only you were my slave! Of course, not a labor slave! Or… let me be your slave instead! Just like you!” 
Seeing her like this, 
Lin Tian raised an eyebrow slightly, “Really?” 
“Absolutely! I think I’ve truly fallen in love with you, Goblin King—strong, sexy, and even capable of satisfying the Zerg Queen! There’s no one else like you!” The Queen Ant gushed with infatuation. 
For the first time in a thousand years, she felt as though she was a princess being rescued. 
Lin Tian never expected things to turn out this way. 
He had originally planned to trap the Queen Ant and imprison her as a breeding tool. 
But now, it seemed there was no need for any devious plots. 
She was willing on her own. 
“Alright then, send someone to kill the new Queen Ant later, and then, birth me a mixed-blood army to hide in this underground palace, how about that?” Lin Tian said heavily, gazing at her. 
Upon hearing this, 
the Queen Ant bit her red lips in excitement, exclaiming, “I’d be more than happy! So happy, Goblin King! Come on!” 
As she spoke, a large number of ant eggs began to drop behind her. 
Seeing how eager she was, 
Lin Tian felt relieved and couldn’t help but marvel at how bizarre the situation had become. 
The goddess you’re chasing might just be someone else’s star-slave. 
Without further ado, he began the process of impregnating the Queen Ant. 
One time was all it took to produce millions of mixed-blood ants. 
This was precisely what Lin Tian valued. 
Although goblin reproduction was already fast, it was still too slow compared to the ant and Zerg races. 
With a massive production machine like this, 
as long as there were enough resources, they could keep producing endlessly. 
After everything was settled, Lin Tian hurried back to the Zerg Queen’s palace. 
As soon as he entered, 
he could feel the Zerg Queen’s sinister killing intent. “Where have you been? Didn’t we agree you’d be out for only an hour? Why were you gone so long?” 
“Your Majesty, I took a brief walk, spent a little more time, please don’t be angry,” Lin Tian said, suppressing his own murderous urges. 
If not for fear of ruining his plans, he would have killed this wretch already. 
But killing her would be futile; the Zerg race would just evolve a new Queen, one that would inherit all the previous one’s memories. 
Unless they were completely exterminated, killing her would be meaningless. 
This made them far more terrifying than the ant race. 
Even a male Zerg could transform into a new Queen. 
He wasn’t even sure if the current Queen had been male before. 
Upon hearing his explanation, 
the Zerg Queen still looked displeased. “Hmph, as punishment, I’ll make you work ten times harder! Only after that can you rest or eat!” 
“This… Your Majesty, that would kill me!”  
Ten times harder—it really would be too much! 
Lin Tian was genuinely a bit frightened. 
But the Zerg Queen remained relentless. “What’s the matter? Don’t you love me? If you love me, can’t you handle even this? Didn’t you say you wanted to be my slave? My slave dares to disobey me?” 
Under her oppressive dominance, 
Lin Tian had no choice but to comply obediently. 
… 
Meanwhile, at the Goblin Empire, 
The Flame Dragon Mother returned immediately upon receiving the Ant Scout’s report. 
She gathered everyone and delivered the news. 
“Ah?!” 
Everyone gasped, covering their mouths in shock. 
Their eyes were filled with sympathy and worry for Lin Tian. 
The One-Eyed Owl spoke gravely, “That kid has had it so tough. I can’t act recklessly anymore, I have to treat him well from now on…” 
“Tian Ge, you’re a real man! For the greater good, you willingly became the Zerg Queen’s star-slave. I can’t even imagine it—marrying a mountain is one thing, but to have to… with a mountain!”  
Osius and Grugia both sighed in admiration, filled with respect! 
Alice, Gobu Kuang, Gobu Yue, and the others were deeply concerned. “Our boss… Damn it, we’re too weak, we can’t even go directly to help him!” 
“Sigh! Why… why can he even handle mountain-like creatures, while I…” Master Bill didn’t feel sorry for Lin Tian. 
Instead, he felt sorry for himself. 
The Flame Dragon Mother was utterly perplexed. “Are you all missing the point? What you should be focusing on isn’t that, but preparing to fight the Zerg Empire. They have at least a hundred million soldiers, with countless high-level warriors! If you want to rescue him, you need to get stronger fast and start mass-producing goblins immediately!” 
“That’s right, right, right! I’ll arrange for troop production right now!”  
Gobu Yue, flustered and panicked, quickly calmed down and got to work. 
First, she doubled the rewards given for each goblin soldier delivered, applicable to all races. 
This way, it wasn’t just the humans of the Goblin Empire who could help. 
Even the monsters from Goblin City could assist in the production. 
Additionally, she ordered Gobu Kuang and the others to head to other city-states across the continent and enforce conscription! 
The goal was to produce over a hundred million goblins in the shortest time possible! 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 225: Preparations for the Final Battle 
TL: Sungmin  
In no time, recruitment notices spread across the entire continent! 
However, the Zerg Empire, located in a very remote area, remained unaware of this news. 
Within the Goblin Empire, countless demi-humans and monsters hurriedly lined up, eagerly awaiting impregnation and then mass-producing soldiers. 
In every tavern, heated discussions were taking place. 
“The Goblin King has gone mad! He’s even opened up reproduction to all races. It costs two gold coins to deliver one adult goblin soldier! And that’s just one, most births are at least triplets, which means six coins!” 
“Damn it! Why was I born male? I can’t reproduce! In just half a year, they can make what we earn in a year, and without working at all.” 
Many people drank their ale, chatting about the situation. 
A black-furred monkey demi-human smugly laughed and said, “I’m making a killing, hahaha! I’ve got seven wives! They can all take advantage of this to make a fortune!” 
Hearing this, everyone around was filled with envy and resentment! 
“How are there so many female Dark Three-Tailed Monkeys? Even an ugly bastard like you has seven wives!” 
Someone grumbled, clearly displeased. 
The black-furred monkey smirked and said, “So what? My wives earn money to support me. Do you have that?!” 
Among the demon races, many didn’t care about ethics or morals. 
They were thrilled to have their wives go out and make money. 
“So, what’s the king planning? Spending so many gold coins to mass-produce goblins? Isn’t the Human Empire practically wiped out?” 
The black-furred monkey scratched his head in confusion. 
“You don’t know? I’ve got inside information. His Majesty Lin Tian has been imprisoned by the Zerg Queen as her ‘star wrath,’ and Gobu Yue and the others are preparing to rescue him!” 
Everyone’s eyes lit up. 
“What! The queen’s star wrath? That’s insane!” 
“You idiot! That’s not the point! The Goblin Empire is about to declare war on the Zerg Empire!” 
“No way! War with the Zerg?! Can… can we even stay here? The Zerg army numbers at least a hundred million! And each Zerg soldier is a formidable high-level fighter!” 
“This might be an opportunity, though. When the time comes, if we join forces… heh heh heh…” 
Upon hearing this news, some were excited, some were shocked, and others saw an opportunity. 
All had their own plans in mind. 
In the middle of the tavern, a headless knight, emanating a dark aura, clad in rusted black armor, spoke up. “Join forces? I’m interested. The females are off producing soldiers—what do you males plan to do? Just watch?” 
“Who are you?” The fire lizard demi-human who had mentioned an opportunity asked cautiously. 
Before the knight could respond, the tavern owner chimed in, “You guys are clueless! He’s been here a while, and none of you recognized him. This is Lord Gegard, a Demon King-level figure!” 
“Gegard?! The ancient knight Gegard?! Why have you been resurrected as a monster?!” 
The fire lizard demi-human was shocked, utterly incredulous. 
Because Gegard had once been human. 
But now, like Veronica, he had become one of the undead. 
Gegard smirked coldly and poured his drink over his neck. Instantly, there was a sizzling sound. 
“Uh… doesn’t that hurt? Maybe you should stop drinking the alcohol…” 
A nearby monster couldn’t help but ask. 
This wasn’t drinking—it was like pouring alcohol on a wound. It had to hurt. 
Gegard ignored him and explained, “My bones were originally buried beneath this place, but with so many monsters gathering here, I absorbed the demonic energy. By some twist of fate, I was resurrected as one of the undead.” 
“Lord Gegard! Please give your orders!” 
The fire lizard immediately knelt, clasping his hands in respect. 
This knight, even in life, had been a one-man army. Now as an undead, his power was beyond imagining. 
The others, after a brief moment of hesitation, all knelt down and clasped their hands. “We’ll follow you! Let’s carve out a new world together!” 
“Very good. The Zerg Empire, huh? Back when I was alive, the Zerg Queen was just a little bug. Who would’ve thought she’d become the most powerful empress in the wilderness…” Gegard mused, rising slowly. 
A wave of majestic power surged from him, shaking the entire tavern, making dishes clatter. 
His aura was so overwhelming that the low-level monsters could hardly breathe. 
Sweating heavily, the fire lizard glanced around and said, “So, Lord Gegard, are you planning to help the goblins attack the Zerg? Or will you assist in rescuing the Goblin King?” 
This was the question on everyone’s mind. 
Upon hearing this, Gegard looked at his sword. “What do you think I’ll choose?” 
As a knight, there was only one thing that truly mattered: ‘protection.’ 
“I think… you intend to swoop in and reap the benefits, just like the cunning goblins who grew by scavenging the aftermath of battles between empires and the Church…” 
The fire lizard was feeling smug when suddenly, his entire body twitched slightly. His pupils contracted sharply and then dilated as his head fell to the floor, rolling a few times. 
No one had even seen it happen, but Gegard had already drawn his sword. 
Though Gegard’s entire body seemed on the verge of rusting away, his sword remained pristine, untouched by blood. “I believe you now understand my intentions. Those who choose to follow me, come along.” 
Gegard slowly walked out the door. 
The faces of the people behind him were filled with fear and shock! 
It was the Fire Lizard King—he was a twelfth-tier monster! Yet he had been slain in a single blow! 
They hurriedly followed after him. 
For Gegard, this land had been what he defended during his life, and naturally, he would choose to stand on Lin Tian’s side, especially since it was Lin Tian who had revived him. 
As for the fire lizard, he killed him simply because he wanted to—there was no need for any further reason. 
… 
Meanwhile, Alice, along with Gobu Kuang and others, led an army of a million toward the remaining human city-states, preparing for forced conscription. 
They were not offering any gold coin rewards. 
Every town and village was required to meet the prescribed quota of soldiers, or face total annihilation. 
By their estimates, they would conscript about ten million people. 
In two months, they would be able to produce around thirty million goblins. 
Even with the help of the monsters from Goblin City, it would still take another two months. 
Then, they would need time to train and strengthen the soldiers. 
It would take at least six months to declare war, but that was still much faster than the original estimate of a year. 
Gazing at the long line of people waiting for impregnation, Gobu Kuang spoke with a heavy heart, “There are so many people. It seems like we don’t have enough food. They can barely feed themselves.” 
“Don’t worry. We still have plenty of food reserves from last year. We’ll just distribute it to them when the time comes.” Alice replied calmly. 
Gobu Tian chuckled, “Boss, you’re amazing! I didn’t expect that you had stored up so much food just for this critical moment!” 
“Of course!” Gobu Shan added with a grin. 
… 
In the Dwarven Kingdom, the atmosphere in the royal hall was oppressive. 
Everyone had learned of Lin Tian’s imprisonment in the Zerg Empire, where he had been turned into the star wrath. 
Bill wore a solemn expression. “Your Majesty, that kid Lin Tian has never mistreated us. He helped us return to the surface. What do you think…” 
Before he could finish, Adele rose from her throne. 
She commanded, “Use every resource we have to forge more war machines, and summon all craftsmen to create new, more powerful magical tools. We must rescue him from the Zerg Queen’s captivity!” 
No sooner said than done. 
Everyone sprang into action immediately. 
Especially now, with the population of the Dwarven Kingdom having doubled or tripled due to the large number of mixed-blood dwarves, both mining and forging could proceed at a much faster pace. 
The production of magical tools could be completed far more quickly. 
In half a year, they would be able to craft ten thousand items. 
Before, they could barely produce a thousand. 
… 
On the other side, the Flame Dragon Mother had taken the news back to the ancient dragon clan. 
Little Black, Scar, and the others had all readily decided to help without hesitation. 
The Flame Dragon Mother looked at the five-hundred-meter-long red dragon flying through the sky and nodded. “No matter what, he is Spark’s father. Even if we have to risk the future of our clan, we will help.” 
Spark was the mixed-blood ancient dragon born from her and Lin Tian. 
Like Little Black, Spark had an incredibly fast growth rate and immense destructive power. 
His entire body appeared to be cloaked in flaming armor, and he had a pair of long, green horns. 
His eyes were clear and lively, constantly moving around. 
He flew across the sky, chasing birds or driving away the beasts below. 
Even though he had only hatched a few months ago, he had already grown to five hundred meters in length. 
In half a year, he would likely reach adulthood. 
What pleased the Flame Dragon Mother the most was not just Spark’s rapid growth, but his incredible strength. 
Even though fire elemental dragons could perform complex techniques, they usually just breathed fire. 
But Spark possessed a variety of fire elemental skills that went far beyond what was typical for a fire dragon. 
It was a level of control over the fire element that fire dragons could never hope to reach. 
“Scar, don’t you think Spark looks a lot like a certain creature?” 
The Flame Dragon Mother said, her eyes filled with pride as she watched the vibrant, playful flames that surrounded Spark in the sky. 
Scar paused for a moment, unsure. “I’m not sure I understand…” 
From behind, the deep voice of the resting Calamity Thunder rumbled, “Fire Elemental Spirit, Salamander…” 
“That’s impossible! How could a goblin and a dragon give birth to a Fire Elemental Spirit?” Scar exclaimed in disbelief. 
Elemental spirits were typically born from their respective elements, such as the Wind Spirit, Sylph, which was the embodiment of the wind. 
Other elemental spirits, like Light and Dark Elementals, couldn’t be the result of reproduction. 
The Flame Dragon Mother rolled her eyes. “You misunderstand. I only said they look alike. Salamander has existed since ancient times.” 
The ancient period was roughly two thousand years ago. 
The antiquity era was around seven thousand years ago. 
Anything further back than that had no records. 
“I’ve seen the overwhelming power of Salamander’s fire element in battle, but it doesn’t compare to the variety of fire element skills that Spark possesses. Perhaps, one day, he could even surpass Salamander…” The Flame Dragon Mother smiled. 
The surrounding dragons had complex expressions. 
There was no doubt about Salamander’s battle prowess—it far surpassed that of any dragon present. 
If Spark could surpass Salamander, it would mean that their branch of the dragon lineage could return to the ancient dragon’s ancestral home. 
The dragons remained silent, their eyes filled with hope. 
… 
A star wrath is a homonym for sex slave in Chinese, both  “xing nu”. 
You can read extra chapters at <a href="https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/">Etude Translations</a> linked to Patreon! <a href="https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/">https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/</a> 
If you have any questions about updates, join our Discord: <a href="https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC">https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC</a> 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 226: One Person ‘Annihilates’ Twenty Million Demon Insects 
TL: Sungmin  
In the rural areas of the Goblin Empire. 
A small village, where the faint smoke from cooking fires drifted into the sky and the crowing of roosters and barking of dogs filled the air. 
At the village entrance, a few children were riding wooden horses, pretending to be knights playing a game. 
Suddenly, one of the children turned his head, raised a wooden stick high, and shouted, “Knights, charge! Defeat the evil Demon King!” 
“Charge!” 
Seven or eight children rushed out of the village, pretending to ‘slay’ their enemy. 
In the distance, a two-meter-tall skeletal figure, despite wearing simple rough cloth, exuded an imposing aura as she approached the village. 
The monster the children spoke of was her. 
Veronica. 
“Stop fooling around, or I might really eat you up later!”  
Veronica joked, feeling a bit trapped by the playful siege of children. 
Surrounded by them, she couldn’t move forward. 
Hearing her words, the children feigned fear, mounted their wooden horses, and fled back into the village, shouting, “The skeleton monster is going to eat us! Run!” 
“Lady Veronica, playing with the children again, I see?” 
Rebecca descended slowly from the sky, speaking softly. 
As she landed, her eyes lit up. “Wow, the cucumbers and eggplants are growing so well this year! Amazing! I love how big these fruits are!” 
Veronica quickly pulled her hand back, protecting the vegetables from being snatched. She snorted, “These are for today’s meal. Behave yourself.” 
“Hmph, stingy.” Rebecca pouted. 
The two of them linked arms and began walking back toward the village. 
After just a few steps, the children returned, now armed with specially-made wooden swords. “Look, it’s a demon! Knights, don’t let them get away today!” 
They charged forward again. 
“These brats are really annoying,” Rebecca muttered irritably, still upset about not getting the vegetables. 
As she walked, the children’s eyes followed her every movement. 
Drooling, their gazes seemed as if they could pierce through her. 
They looked like they could devour her with their eyes. 
“Rebecca, I’ll do anything for you! As long as you can stay with me…” 
“Get lost! Rebecca belongs to me!” 
“I want to have children with Rebecca!” 
As the kids argued amongst themselves, Rebecca covered her face and chuckled. “A bunch of little insects, daring to set their sights on me? Do you even know your own weight or size?” 
“Go clean up the area in front of me.” 
With just that one command, the children obediently began cleaning the village grounds, making everything spotless. 
Veronica couldn’t help but say, “Enough already, these kids are growing up too fast because of you.” 
“What’s that got to do with me? They’re all a bunch of little perverts anyway,” Rebecca grumbled. 
Veronica retorted, “Do you really think it’s the kids’ fault? Whenever you step out, none of the men in the village even eat anymore, afraid they’ll miss a single glimpse of you.” 
As she spoke, every man in the surrounding wooden houses had their eyes wide open, staring intently. 
“Alright, you should come out less. Let’s go home and cook dinner,” Veronica added. 
The two returned to the wooden house at the edge of the village. 
At that moment, the village grew lively again. 
A Goblin Overlord, riding a carnivorous horse, arrived to deliver a message. “From now on, the gold reward for each Goblin soldier you produce will be doubled!” 
“Double?! That’s fantastic! Long live His Majesty the Goblin Emperor!” 
“You’ve got to be kidding! Such a great deal!” 
“I barely spend all the money I make in a year, and now it’s going to double—ha ha ha!” 
The villagers were ecstatic. 
Especially the men, as having more money meant they could go spend it in the Succubus House in town! 
If they couldn’t have Rebecca, they could at least indulge there. 
At that moment, the village elder couldn’t help but ask, “Lord Goblin, what’s going on? Doubling the gold reward seems rather sudden.” 
“To tell you the truth, the boss is currently trapped in the Zerg Empire, so we need to increase the number of Goblin soldiers significantly to declare war on the Zerg Empire and rescue the boss!” 
The Overlord Goblin finished speaking and swiftly rode off. 
He still had other villages to report to. 
The villagers’ faces grew serious. “Damn it! Wife, give it all you’ve got and keep producing! Now’s the time for us to repay His Majesty!” 
One by one, without further words, they began preparing to continue breeding and raising goblins. 
If the Goblin Empire fell, they’d lose their comfortable lives. 
Among the crowd, Veronica heard the news too, her expression turning grim. 
“Lin Tian, that guy… he actually dared provoke the Zerg Empire?! This is… this is simply unbelievable…” 
She hurried back and told Rebecca the news as well. 
When Rebecca heard it, she was equally shocked. “My dear… has he gone mad? The Zerg Empire… do he even know how massive that power is? He actually dared to provoke them…” 
“He’s already gone that far. Saying anything now won’t change a thing…” Veronica said heavily, sitting at the simple dining table. Even the sight of the stir-fried vegetables couldn’t whet her appetite. 
Rebecca pleaded desperately, “Haven’t you also gained a lot of power recently? Please, save my Lin Tian!” 
“Rebecca…” Seeing her anxious expression, Veronica couldn’t help but feel a bit heartbroken. 
But this only strengthened her resolve to help Lin Tian. “I definitely will!” 
Only by doing this would there be a chance for Lin Tian to restore Rebecca. 
Over the past few months, she had been summoning heretical demonic servants, strange beings from another realm, which had greatly increased her magical capacity. 
She could now summon even more and stronger creatures. 
Originally, she had intended to defeat Lin Tian and force him to restore Rebecca. But now, it seemed as though just rescuing him would suffice. 
… 
Six months passed in a blur. 
From a bird’s-eye view, the Goblin Empire was a sight to behold. 
Countless goblin soldiers stretched out like a vast ocean, an absolutely stunning sight! 
It was almost unbelievable. 
In the mountains, by the rivers, and in the fields—goblins were everywhere! 
Thankfully, the Goblin King could control them. 
Without that, managing such a chaotic horde would have been impossible. 
On the city walls, the various demi-humans and monsters watching the scene gasped in shock! 
“My god, creating an army of over a hundred million in just six months… I never imagined goblins could be this strong!!!” 
“Tch, even if they’re just cannon fodder, they could still drown a Great Empire with sheer numbers!” 
“It’s not the goblins that are strong, but the Goblin King and his subordinates…” 
“Who knows, maybe they really can defeat the Zerg Empire.” 
… 
Alice stood at the front of the massive army, her cape billowing in the wind, looking valiant. “Half a year… I didn’t expect we could really create an army of over a hundred million goblins.” 
“We will definitely save you, boss!” Gobu Yue said with determination. 
One-Eyed Owl teased, “Who knows? He might be enjoying himself right now. If we show up and mess things up, he might throw a fit! Haha.” 
“Roar!” 
At that moment, a deafening dragon roar echoed from the sky. 
Everyone looked up and saw a fiery spark streaking across the sky like a meteor! 
Trailing behind was a black meteor! 
It was none other than Little Black and Spark. 
Behind them came the Flame Dragon Mother and the Purple-Gold Dragon Mother, along with other ancient dragons. 
Their presence was terrifying. 
One-Eyed Owl’s eyes lit up with excitement. “The dragons are here too! What about that old guy who loves drinking?” 
On the opposite horizon, across from the ancient dragons, a massive creature appeared, blocking out the sun! 
The entire Goblin City plunged into darkness. 
Everyone’s expressions changed drastically. “What is that monster?!” 
A massive 3,000-meter-long airship was slowly moving through the sky. 
It looked somewhat like a pirate ship. 
But beneath its hull, there were thousands upon thousands of jet-propelled magical engines! 
The Dwarves had spent the past six months pouring all their effort into constructing this ship. 
They named it the ‘Sky Beast.’ 
“Hahaha! Alice! Elizabeth! Gobu Kuang brothers! Scared silly yet? This is the masterpiece of the Dwarves!” Bill’s voice rang out from the deck. 
He suddenly jumped down, deploying a parachute and slowly descending in front of the group. 
Sara couldn’t help but ask, “Master Bill, what’s the purpose of this airship?” 
“The purpose? It’s simple. This ship can carry thousands of tons of cargo. We just need to keep dropping bombs, and boom! Those bugs will be blown to bits!” Bill said proudly. 
Seizing air superiority was a strategy they had learned from the dragons. 
With this, they could annihilate vast numbers of enemy troops. 
The Zerg Empire, with its overwhelming numbers, was the perfect target. 
Gobu Yue’s eyes were wide with amazement. “Wow, the Dwarves are incredible. With your help, boss will definitely come back!” 
“Then let’s go. It’ll take the army half a month to reach them.” Alice immediately gave the order. 
Gobu Yue nodded, “Lia and I have already arranged the supply troops.” 
“The healing corps is ready as well,” Katheryn said firmly. 
Behind her stood Ifreya and the goblin healer army, which had been hastily trained. 
They could use ‘physical magic,’ which essentially involved hurling healing potions at their allies. 
The army set out! 
It was a grand and magnificent sight! 
Thankfully, they had already united the land. Otherwise, any other empire that saw this army would be scared to death! 
They’d surrender on the spot. 
With an army of over a hundred million goblins, they could crush every empire in their path. 
However… 
With so many goblins, resources would be strained. Food shortages would mean that 99% of them would die. 
Even if they survived the battle against the Zerg Empire, they’d only starve afterward. 
… 
The Zerg Empire. 
It looked the same as always. 
But deep within the Ant Tribe’s palace… 
The Ant Queen had been continuously producing offspring for the past six months, giving birth to over ten million new hybrid ants. 
All of them were soldier ants. 
These soldier ants were far more powerful than their predecessors. 
Even now, she was still tirelessly producing more, completely driven by her obsession with Lin Tian. 
However, inside the Zerg Queen’s palace… 
Lin Tian had already become the Zerg Queen’s object of obsession. 
His body was as thin as a stick, emaciated beyond recognition. 
He lay in the arms of the Zerg Queen’s true form, who smiled brightly and gently stroked him. “Good… good… today, you have to keep working hard.” 
“I… I can’t do it anymore…”  
With great effort, Lin Tian raised his completely atrophied arm, struggling to speak. 
In his heart, he was on the verge of tears. Why haven’t those guys sent reinforcements yet? If they don’t come soon, I’m done for! 
Right now, his combat strength was zero. 
Yet, he had become deeply cherished by the Zerg Queen. After all, it’s true what they say—feelings grow over time. 
Seeing him like this, the Zerg Queen immediately called out, “Someone, bring the energy essence! Feed my dear some nutrition…” 
The energy essence was painstakingly gathered bit by bit by the worker insects. 
Its protein content was 6,000 times that of beef. 
It was specifically meant to serve as vital nourishment for the Zerg Queen’s reproductive process. 
But over the past six months, due to her affection for Lin Tian, she had given it all to him. As a result, no eggs had been produced by the Zerg race in half a year. 
In a way, Lin Tian had not only stalled the Zerg. 
He had essentially annihilated at least twenty million Zerg soldiers. 
The Zerg Queen’s reproduction speed was twice that of the Ant Queen’s, meaning she could have produced at least twenty million soldiers in six months. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 227: Battle Begins, The Army Arrives! 
TL: Sungmin  
Crystalline, gem-like energy essences were being transported by the worker insects. 
Lin Tian, of course, had to consume them all. If he didn’t, he truly might die of exhaustion. 
Moreover, these things could enhance his attributes. 
After consuming them for half a year, his combat power increased by a few hundred. It was better than nothing. 
“Good, just like that. Eat them all so you can regain your strength! I couldn’t bear to lose such a good servant like you. Where else would I find one?”  
The true form of the Zerg Queen chuckled softly, her eyes full of anticipation. 
Even after playing with Lin Tian for six whole months, every time they started, she was always filled with excitement. 
Lin Tian, however, couldn’t take it anymore. 
During this time, he had used Abnormal Fusion so many times to replace his kidneys that if he hadn’t, he would have long since died. 
But he couldn’t leave, and the only kidneys available were from the Zerg. 
Basically, under such violent usage, he needed to replace them every three days. 
If it had been kidneys from the carnivorous horse, he would already be dead, with grass growing over his grave more than three meters high. 
But today, even though he had just killed a worker insect to replace his kidneys, he still felt an overwhelming chill. 
His thin limbs trembled in the wind. 
He felt as if they might snap at any moment. 
Lin Tian tried his best to activate his most vital tool, but he realized it lay still, like an old man at death’s door. 
“Damn!” 
Lin Tian’s heart trembled, a bad premonition rushing to his mind. 
This was no small matter! 
He tried for a long time but still couldn’t get the engine started. 
The sky had collapsed. 
Lin Tian’s expression started to fill with panic. 
In the end, he had no choice but to accept this outcome. 
But as a man, he could die in battle, endure any hardship, but he couldn’t admit that he couldn’t perform! 
“What are you stalling for?” The Zerg Queen’s impatient voice rang out. 
“Phew…” Lin Tian let out a heavy breath. 
With the most difficult tone, he admitted his defeat, “Queen, I can’t do it anymore. Please spare me…” 
At this moment, for every man, it was as though he had already died! 
Killed alive! 
“What!” 
The Zerg Queen couldn’t believe it, “My dear, don’t joke with me. I’ve been waiting for so long, and now you say you can’t do it!!! Can you bear the consequences of that?” 
“Whatever. Kill me if you want…” 
Lin Tian closed his eyes, collapsing on the ground like a dead man. 
This was not just exhaustion; it was worse than when he had been ambushed by hundreds in the Dwarf Kingdom. That was a temporary injury. 
In his current state, it would be better to just die. 
After all, Lin Tian still had one life left for resurrection. Perhaps by then, he might recover. 
Seeing this, the Zerg Queen also noticed Lin Tian’s helplessness. “It’s alright, I can help you solve this.” 
She swallowed a few energy essences. 
Her massive insect body began to writhe and swell! 
She laid a black insect egg. 
The egg immediately hatched, revealing a creature that looked somewhat like a mosquito with a long, sharp proboscis! 
Its limbs and body resembled a rat from the sewers, making it very strange. 
Covered in sticky, slimy mucus. 
It was disgusting to look at. 
“This is a worker insect I specially produced for you. Its role is simple—it can stimulate males and help them recover their abilities! But it may not be permanent.” The Zerg Queen spoke calmly. 
Clearly, this thing was a highly dangerous stimulant with severe side effects. 
But for her own pleasure, she didn’t care if it killed Lin Tian—her goal was to play him to death anyway. 
As the strange insect rushed at him, Lin Tian used all his strength to dodge! 
He barely avoided being pierced by that proboscis. 
And the thing was huge! Over a meter long, aiming directly at his most vulnerable area. 
The pain would be unbearable! 
And the side effects of such a thing would only make matters worse. 
Lin Tian hurriedly refused, “Zerg Queen, let me rest for a day, I might recover by then! Don’t be so cruel!” 
“Shut up! You choose: accept the worker insect’s stimulant or die!” 
The Zerg Queen’s face twisted in anger. 
Lin Tian looked at that long proboscis. If he accepted, it meant he’d be stabbed every day. Just the thought of it made him wince in pain! 
He’d rather die! 
“I choose…” Lin Tian’s face darkened, his voice filled with gloom as he finally made his decision. “To kill you!” 
“Swish!” 
The Spear of Zeus appeared in his hand. 
“You bitch, you’re worse than a beast! Even the work mules in the fields get to rest. Would it kill you to let me rest a few days? Since you won’t, don’t blame me for what happens next!” 
Lin Tian rose in resistance. 
But then, the Zerg Queen’s enormous tentacle, like the sky falling, pinned Lin Tian down tightly! 
Luckily, there was a small gap, or he would have been crushed. 
But the pressure made him feel like he couldn’t breathe, his face contorting in pain. 
The Zerg Queen’s face surged with killing intent. “This is your own choice! If you’re no longer of any use, then die!” 
“Zerg Queen, a large enemy force is approaching the empire!” 
Suddenly, a scout worker insect swiftly emerged from beneath the floor, speaking urgently. 
The Zerg Queen paused for a moment, confused. “Enemy army? What army? Who dares challenge the Zerg Empire?” 
“From what I observed, most of them are goblins, at least over a hundred million, and they’re accompanied by dwarves, dragons, and others.” 
The scout worker insect reported. 
Such a terrifying number of enemies would cause anyone to gasp in fear and despair. 
However, the Zerg Queen remained dismissive. “A hundred million troops and a few flying lizards dare to challenge me? Do they think my two hundred million Zerg are just for show? Darling, is this the real reason you came here? Fine! Today, I’ll make sure you lose all hope!” 
She glanced down. 
But there was nothing there! 
At the foot of the Zerg Queen’s palace, Lin Tian hid behind a large tree, breathing heavily, his expression twisted. “Damn btch! You sword-wielding demon! Don’t ever fall into my hands!” 
After enjoying himself for so long, this was the first time he had come so close to being killed! 
And this kind of situation was utterly humiliating! 
He had always been the one to torment others, yet now he had been forcibly turned into someone else’s plaything. 
His male pride—no matter what—had to be restored! 
“Goblin! You won’t escape my grasp!!! All the soldier insects, mobilize! Capture him and bring him back! I’ll play him to death!” 
The Zerg Queen’s furious voice roared through the heavens like thunder. 
Countless insects began to move in unison! 
Lin Tian frowned. It wasn’t easy to hide within the Zerg Queen’s territory. 
The Ant Queen’s domain might offer refuge, but there wasn’t enough time. 
Above him, countless flying beetle-like insects buzzed around, searching the area. 
A deafening “buzz buzz” filled the air, forming a massive web-like net! 
“Goblin King! I’ve come to save you!” 
Suddenly, from a nearby clump of grass, a giant green caterpillar spoke up. 
Lin Tian turned his head, startled. “It’s you? How did you grow so big!” 
Previously, the worm had only been about a meter long. 
Now, it was as large as a bus, massive and bloated! 
“You gave me so much gold. I spent it all on meat, and before I knew it, I grew this big!” The green caterpillar chuckled. 
Then, it turned serious. “Quickly, you need to hide inside my body. That way, no one can find you!” 
As it spoke, it opened its huge mouth. 
The stench and the slimy, mucus-filled maw were utterly revolting. 
The reddish, tender flesh of its mouth looked strangely grotesque. 
“What are you waiting for? You’re so weak right now, you won’t be able to escape! Come on, climb into my body!” 
The green caterpillar urged anxiously. 
Lin Tian felt a wave of nausea. “Hold on, stop saying weird things. If I go inside, you won’t digest me, right?” 
“I’ll coat you in a layer of cocoon silk. You won’t be digested.” The green caterpillar reassured him. 
Having reached this point, Lin Tian had no other choice. He had to endure the disgust and climb inside. “Take me out of the Zerg Empire. My army is out there!” 
“Got it!” 
Immediately, the green caterpillar swallowed him whole and began crawling swiftly. 
The entire Zerg Empire seemed to be in upheaval! 
Previously unseen insect species began appearing, such as the dark earthworms. 
These monsters wouldn’t die when cut by sharp blades. Instead, they’d split into two. 
If not killed instantly, one could multiply into a hundred, making them extremely terrifying. 
Other creatures emerged as well, like the Cockroachmen, Death Spiders, and Venomous Soldier Flies. 
Numerous nocturnal Zerg species, usually hidden, appeared in droves. 
They prepared for battle. 
The sheer number of insects was overwhelming, to the point where the green caterpillar could barely move forward, surrounded by the dense swarm! 
In addition, the cacophony of insect sounds filled the air, creating an unbearable racket! 
Back in the Zerg Queen’s palace, numerous soldier insects returned, reporting that they couldn’t find Lin Tian. 
“Useless scum! Die, all of you!” 
The Zerg Queen’s fury knew no bounds. With a mere thought, two Zerg Kings rushed forward and killed dozens of soldier insects! 
After all, she didn’t care about losing a few. 
Then, she issued a new command, “Prepare for battle! Cockroachmen, Death Spiders, Venomous Soldiers—you will be the vanguard! Take out their high-ranking forces!” 
“Rest assured, Queen. We will complete the mission!” 
The Cockroach bowed respectfully. 
Though ordinary cockroaches were weak and easily crushed, the magical Cockroach were muscular, standing over three meters tall! 
They were all-rounder warriors, with enough speed and strength, capable of flight, resistant to fire, water, electricity, and even pressure… 
Extremely difficult to kill. 
And, crucially, their numbers were staggering—three million of them, making them the equivalent of elite monsters. 
As a result, the Cockroach Chieftain held the highest status among the Zerg Queen’s trusted minions. 
And also had the most combat power. 
Then there were the Death Spiders. 
Their eight long legs were eerie and menacing, like eight deadly spears. 
Their web-spinning ability was highly useful, able to slow down enemies, ensnare them from a distance, or create defensive barriers with their webs. 
Each egg clutch could hatch thousands of offspring. 
They were not to be underestimated. 
The Venomous Insects were even more terrifying. They could fly and spray corrosive venom from above, dissolving any creature into nothing but bone fragments in an instant. 
Fortunately, their numbers weren’t large, with only a little over ten thousand. 
However, they possessed the power to annihilate hundreds of thousands, if not millions, of enemies, making them one of the Zerg Queen’s most trusted elites. 
“Go forth, along with my millions of soldier insects as the backbone. A hundred million goblins? They’re nothing but a feast…”  
The Zerg Queen spoke with full confidence. 
Yet, she remained cautious, keeping two Zerg Kings by her side at all times. 
They were there to protect her, ready for anything. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 228: Cockroach Chieftain, Demon King Creature 
TL: Sungmin  
… 
Outside the Zerg Empire. 
The Barren Rock Wasteland. 
Wild, howling winds swept through, like wraiths whispering mournfully in their ears. 
As far as the eye could see, the ground was scorched, covered in dry grass, and scattered with disorderly giant stones. 
This was the only place in the surroundings suitable for stationing troops. 
Additionally, it had a geographical advantage. 
“Gobu Yue, I believe you can do this,” Alice said with a piercing gaze, her tone serious. 
Beside her stood Gobu Yue, also clad in armor. “Yes! I’ve been preparing for this for half a year, all to rescue the Boss!” 
Normally, Gobu Yue never participated in battles, but in the past six months, she had been relentlessly practicing puppet magic. 
All for this moment. 
Her current skill level was already close to that of Persephia, allowing her to control any dead object and turn it into a puppet for combat. 
The Barren Rock Wasteland, with its abundance of rocks, was perfect for creating puppet soldiers. 
“With such a devoted subordinate, that kid’s really lucky,” One-Eyed Owl remarked, her brown cloak flapping in the wind with a crackling sound. 
For this operation, she, too, had specially donned armor. 
In the distance, everyone became alert as a giant green caterpillar slowly approached. 
Alice unsheathed the Ominous Blade at her waist, her killing intent spreading. 
“Holy crap, Goblin King, is that a human? Are you sure that’s one of your people?! That killing intent is terrifying! I’m too scared to get closer—what should I do?!” 
The green caterpillar trembled violently upon seeing the scene and froze in place, too scared to move. 
A pair of fierce eyes stared at him like thunderous fire, sending chills down his spine. 
Lin Tian’s muffled voice rang out from inside, “Are you there yet? Hurry up, I’m suffocating in here!” 
Left with no choice, the green caterpillar crawled forward a few more steps. 
“Swish!!!” 
Suddenly, a sword aura carrying the force of a raging wind exploded beside him! 
“Boom!” 
The ground was slashed open, leaving a hundred-meter-long fissure. 
The green caterpillar immediately broke out in a cold sweat. “Oh my God, I’m going to die, I’m going to die! Don’t kill me, I’m on your side!” 
As it spoke, it spat out Lin Tian, who was wrapped in a cocoon. 
Lin Tian hurriedly tore through the silken threads with his claws, and upon seeing the familiar faces before him, he was so overwhelmed that he nearly cried. “Thank goodness, you’ve finally come! I almost died in there, do you know that?!” 
At these words, everyone’s faces lit up with joy, and they rushed forward. 
When they saw Lin Tian’s emaciated figure, a wave of fear washed over them! 
They couldn’t imagine the suffering he must have endured. 
“Boss, you’ve really been through hell,” Gobu Yue and Gobu Kuang said with pained expressions. 
Even the members of the Dragon Slayer Guild were upset. “Brother Tian, we’ll avenge you!” 
“That damned Zerg Queen drained you dry like this! We can’t even have fun anymore! We absolutely must kill her!” One-Eyed Owl cursed, her voice full of anger. 
Everyone gave her a strange look. “Big Sis, that’s a bit inappropriate, isn’t it?” 
“Is it? I’m just outraged on his behalf,” One-Eyed Owl replied, confused. 
Lin Tian raised his hand. “Forget it, just take me to rest first. Also, I underestimated the Zerg’s numbers. There are at least two hundred million of them. If we’re not confident, we should retreat and fortify our defenses while we gather more forces…” 
In his earlier patrols, Lin Tian had missed the nocturnal Zerg and the others hiding underground. 
He hadn’t expected there to be as many as two hundred million. 
“Hahaha! Even if there were three hundred million, we wouldn’t be afraid!” Bill said proudly, pointing to the sky. 
With the massive airship hovering above, he wasn’t worried about the enemy’s numbers, only whether they had enough bombs. 
Nearby, the green caterpillar gaped in astonishment at the sight of the enormous forces and the dragons and strange machinery in the sky. 
In disbelief, it stammered, “Goblin King, w-what exactly is your identity? I thought you were bluffing when you said you were going to kill the Zerg Queen!!!” 
“Who is that?” Alice asked cautiously. 
Lin Tian replied calmly, “Just a pet of mine. Sara, help me down.” 
Sara nodded and guided Lin Tian toward the rear of the army. 
Seeing how concerned everyone was for him, Lin Tian felt incredibly comforted. 
Sara, Gobu Yue, Lia, Katheryn, and many others. 
They were all by his side, taking care of him with great attention. 
They even helped him change clothes and clean his body. 
“Ah!”  
Suddenly, Katheryn let out a startled scream, flustered and at a loss. 
Everyone was puzzled. “What’s wrong?” 
“N-no, I was mistaken. What on earth did Goblin King go through to look like this? He’s like a shriveled old cucumber!” Katheryn said sympathetically. 
She then tried to heal him. 
Though his appearance recovered, the internal damage couldn’t be healed. 
Thinking of this enraged Lin Tian. “Tell Alice and One-Eyed Owl not to kill the Zerg Queen. I want to torture her bit by bit until my rage is fully vented!” 
“Boss, don’t take it too hard. You have Abnormal Fusion, right? I’ll find you a better body to merge with,” Gobu Yue consoled. 
Lin Tian nodded. “True. When the time comes, I’ll use brand new weapons to exact brutal revenge on that damned Zerg Queen!” 
Now that he was free, he could seek out various biological parts to fuse with. 
“The Zerg are coming!” a voice shouted from outside the tent. 
Looking out, they saw the Zerg Empire’s forces—a vast, dark ‘flood’—surging forward! 
At a glance, it was a terrifying sight, a mass of densely packed insects, overwhelming to behold. 
The swarm rose like a tidal wave, blotting out the sky! 
What was once a grayish-brown landscape was now covered by a multicolored carpet. 
Insects filled both the land and the air! 
It was a breathtaking spectacle. 
Even Alice, feeling the overwhelming pressure, couldn’t help but tighten her grip on her sword, a strange tension filling the air. 
It was like standing before a tsunami. 
But this was a sea of insects, far more horrifying. 
Any other woman would have screamed, “I’m scared of bugs!” and trembled in fear by now. 
One-Eyed Owl, however, scanned the swarm and smirked disdainfully. “I see a few that seem worth fighting. I’m going in!!!” 
“Swish!” 
She became a blur, charging straight into the insect sea! 
Alice raised her weapon high and commanded, “Attack!” 
The two opposing tides—one of insects, the other of warriors—clashed violently! 
In an instant, the air was filled with flying bodies as the slaughter began! 
One-Eyed Owl quickly locked onto the Death Spider Chieftain. “Long legs, huh? I may not be a goblin, but I’m still pretty excited!” 
She rushed toward the spider. 
“Why would a human help the goblins? Interesting…” the Death Spider Chieftain sneered. 
Seeing One-Eyed Owl charging mindlessly, the spider looked down on her and spat a glob of phlegm. 
Thick, filthy white spider silk shot out, covering One-Eyed Owl. 
“What the hell is this? Feels just like that kid’s stuff. So gross!” One-Eyed Owl grumbled, standing still for a moment in disgust. 
She tried to tear off the spider silk, but it wouldn’t budge. 
It started to settle on the ground, rooting her in place! 
The Death Spider Chieftain laughed smugly. “Don’t bother resisting. The more you struggle, the more stuck you’ll be! Attack, kill her!” 
“Stuck?” One-Eyed Owl raised an eyebrow, thinking it was a joke. 
“Crack!” 
In an instant, she ripped up the entire ground beneath her! 
Ignoring the sticky threads, she charged forward, smashing her way through! 
The spider silk clung to massive chunks of earth and rock, weighing several tons. 
She swung it around, crushing hundreds of incoming Zerg into pulp! 
She fought like a madwoman! 
The Death Spider warriors nearby were horrified. “Chieftain, your tactic is backfiring! You’re getting our own people killed! Do something!” 
“Shut up! Keep spinning silk! I don’t believe she can keep this up!” the Spider Chieftain snapped angrily. 
At her command, more spider silk shot toward One-Eyed Owl, enveloping her completely. 
But then, a massive, kilometer-long fireball descended from the sky at lightning speed! 
It was impossible to make out what it was at first—it was Firefly. 
In six months, the dragon had grown to a kilometer in size. 
It unleashed a fiery blast! 
The intense heat melted away all the spider silk surrounding One-Eyed Owl, yet she remained completely unharmed in the center of the flames. 
“Impossible! How could fire melt our silk?!” the Spider Chieftain gasped, her eight eyes wide in disbelief. 
Their silk wasn’t supposed to burn, being extremely fire-resistant. 
Unless… the flames contained some kind of special magic. 
One-Eyed Owl gave a thumbs-up to the sky. “Thanks, Firefly! Good thing you inherited the dark element’s corrosive power; I almost suffocated in there!” 
Like Little Black, Firefly had inherited the dark element’s annihilation power. 
So, the silk had been corroded, not burned. 
“But hey, later, do me a favor and roast me a spider to eat!” One-Eyed Owl cracked her neck, joints popping loudly. 
She immediately launched herself into another attack! 
This time, the spider silk couldn’t touch her at all. 
Earlier, she had just been careless. 
Once she got close, despite the Death Spiders’ eight legs, which they wielded like blades, One-Eyed Owl was prepared. She had taken advice and wasn’t being reckless this time. 
Her armor protected her, allowing her to charge through and smash the Spider Chieftain’s head open! 
After killing the Chieftain, her gaze shifted to the Cockroach Chieftain in the distance. 
“What a bizarre creature, but… looks like it could be fun!” she said, moving once more. 
In the distance, the Cockroach Chieftain effortlessly lifted a Goblin Overlord and ripped it apart. 
It also withstood attacks from the Potion Goblins as if they were nothing. 
The Snakefolk had developed many offensive potions in addition to their healing ones. 
When thrown, they could cause effects like freezing, fire, and corrosion. 
Goblin warriors, armed with these potions, earned the title of Potion Goblins.  
However, the Cockroach Chieftain was completely immune to their effects. 
His Demon King-level strength, combined with the cockroach race’s natural resilience, allowed him to resist most forms of damage. 
“Hmph, so these are goblins? Too weak,” the Cockroach Chieftain sneered, taking a bite from the corpse of a Goblin Overlord. “Pah, disgusting…” 
Just as he finished speaking, he was abruptly sent flying several hundred meters by a single punch! 
He smashed through a large number of Zerg along the way! 
One-Eyed Owl looked even more disdainful. “This is a Demon King? Why does he feel so weak?” 
Suddenly, a black figure flickered behind her, its hand shaped like a blade, stabbing viciously toward the lower left of her back, aiming straight for her heart. 
Crack! 
The sound of her armor shattering echoed! 
One-Eyed Owl quickly leaped backward, her expression turning serious. “This thing’s got some skill after all. Looks like a dumb brute, but it’s way more dangerous than it looks!” 
“The next strike… you will die…” the Cockroach Chieftain growled, his eyes full of killing intent. His figure flickered as he vanished into the shadows. 
One-Eyed Owl tensed, fully alert now, not daring to let her guard down. 
Over the past six months, her combat power had risen to about 14,000. 
But the Cockroach Chieftain, with his Demon King-level power, was close to 16,000. 
Any creature with a power level exceeding 15,000 was considered to have reached Demon King status. 
Despite the gap, One-Eyed Owl could still hold her own, and the fight was evenly matched.  
… 
You can read extra chapters at <a href="https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/">Etude Translations</a> linked to Patreon! <a href="https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/">https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/</a> 
If you have any questions about updates, join our Discord: <a href="https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC">https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC</a> 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 229: The Demon Army’s Support, Gluttonous Demon King 
TL: Sungmin  
“It’s new bugs! They aren’t afraid of the dragons’ flames, and they’re smaller and faster! The war machines can’t hit them!” 
A dwarf, abandoning his damaged war machine, leaped back onto the deck, anxiously shouting. 
Ahead in the sky— 
Indeed, about a million densely packed black insects appeared! 
Each one was only about the size of a basketball, making them hard to target with the war machines. 
Their shiny black armor made them immune to dragon flames. 
Only attacks imbued with dark elemental power could bring them down. 
But there were too many, and it was impossible to clear them all in a short time. 
“Buzzzzz!” 
The next second, a swarm of insects lunged onto the ship, beginning to gnaw away at the steel! 
On the ground— 
New types of war bugs emerged, able to combine into massive bodies over 300 meters tall, meant to counter the stone giants. 
The armored bugs were also immune to wind-elemental attacks! 
Alice couldn’t blow them away. 
The One-Eyed Owl could kill them with punches, but it took several hits, and she’d soon be exhausted. 
The most unbelievable thing was that some of the bugs could use holy-element attacks! 
They effortlessly slaughtered large numbers of goblins! 
“No way, is that a holy-element attack? It burns! We need to retreat now!” 
Gobu Kuang clutched his searing wound, retreating in panic! 
A vast number of holy-element bugs advanced with overwhelming force! 
In an instant, the tide of battle turned! 
Lin Tian’s face grew heavy, and they too were forced to retreat. Otherwise, they would have been engulfed by the insect swarm. 
Seeing this unfold was something no one could have expected. 
Lin Tian’s expression was dark. “Damn it, can they really do this? Holy-element war bugs! Isn’t this a bit too broken?” 
They were demons by nature, yet they could use holy-element attacks! 
This was beyond outrageous! 
Without any backup plans, resisting was nothing more than prolonging their inevitable end. 
“Boom!” 
Suddenly, a deafening explosion erupted in the sky! 
A massive pressure gripped everyone’s soul! 
The dwarves’ colossal sky beast, burning fiercely, plummeted from the sky! 
In the distance, it exploded into a massive mushroom cloud! 
Thankfully, most of the dwarves were equipped with parachutes and managed to escape. 
But this meant the dwarves had no more strength to fight. They were out of the battle. 
Meanwhile, under the holy-element attacks, the goblins suffered devastating losses! 
They died in droves! 
Only a few million remained, barely able to hold out for another ten minutes! 
Watching this scene— 
Everyone felt a crushing weight in their hearts. 
“I don’t believe we can’t kill all these bugs!” 
The One-Eyed Owl snarled angrily, preparing to charge back into the insect swarm. 
Lin Tian hurriedly reached out to stop her. “Forget it. At worst, some goblins will die. It doesn’t really hurt me. Let’s retreat for now.” 
“Is running all we can do?! Damn it!” 
The One-Eyed Owl hung her head, utterly frustrated. 
Her clenched fists crackled with tension. 
Gobu Yue, too, was heartbroken. Half a year’s effort, and yet they still couldn’t defeat the Zerg Empire. 
Even the ancient dragons were forced to take on humanoid forms to descend to the ground. 
Otherwise, they’d be pinned alive by the new flying war bugs! 
Everyone wore grim expressions. 
They had thought that after this battle, they could finally relax and enjoy their victory. But now, they were facing defeat instead. 
At this moment— 
From the rear of the army, Katheryn rushed forward to report urgently, “Your Majesty, it’s terrible! A massive horde of monsters is gathering behind us, moving toward us!” 
“A massive horde of monsters?” 
Lin Tian furrowed his brow, puzzled. 
Katheryn nodded vigorously, panting. “Yes, an enormous horde, at least tens of millions strong!” 
“This is really turning into a death trap…” The One-Eyed Owl muttered meaningfully. 
Caught between forces from the front and rear, certain death awaited them. 
Even escaping was no longer an option. 
Despair surfaced on everyone’s faces. With tens of millions of monsters closing in, there was no way to break through and flee. 
But Lin Tian tried to rally them. “Wait, don’t lose hope yet. The Zerg Empire wouldn’t logically leave forces in the rear.” 
“Maybe it’s just other monsters from the continent, trying to take advantage of the situation?” Alice said heavily, her expression indifferent. 
This was indeed a very real possibility. 
Lin Tian sighed, looking ahead where the insect army was now within sight, and the ground was littered with goblin corpses. 
Almost all of them were dead! 
With tens of millions of monsters advancing from behind, this time they were truly doomed! 
“Kill!” 
A deafening roar erupted from the rear! 
A massive horde of demi-human monsters appeared, weapons raised high! Behind them, a storm of dust stretched as far as the eye could see. 
The sheer number of them was evident! 
At the front of the army stood a headless knight, its entire body pitch black, clad in rusted armor. 
That commanding, fearless presence—it exuded overwhelming authority! 
[Gegard: Lv 100<br/>
Race: Undead<br/>
Profession: Death Knight<br/>
Title: Protector of the Homeland, Fallen for the Nation, Demon King…<br/>
Health: 4000<br/>
Strength: 1300<br/>
Defense: 1088<br/>
Skills: Death Cross Slash, Immortal Battle Soul, War Charge, Death Judgment…<br/>
Equipment: Blade of Death<br/>
Overall: 16,999] 
Upon seeing the attributes of this figure, Lin Tian’s face turned even grimmer. He hadn’t expected that, aside from the Zerg Empire, there would also be a Demon King-level undead creature with such overwhelming power! 
“What… what the hell is that thing!” Osius and Grugia exclaimed in shock, their bodies trembling uncontrollably. 
Gobu Kuang stepped forward. “Boss, a few of us will hold off their strongest fighters. You run from the side—maybe you’ll get a chance to escape!” 
“Yeah, Boss, we haven’t helped you in a long time. Now’s the time to do something!”  
Gobu Tian, Gobu Shan, and even Gobu Jian all stepped forward. 
Osius and Grugia, struggling to suppress their fear, added, “Brother Tian, you saved our lives. I’ll use sacrificial magic to hold that terrifying monster back. You and Princess Gobu Yue need to escape quickly!” 
“Hmph, trying to show off? Wait until I’ve had my turn first!” the One-Eyed Owl chimed in coldly, stepping forward as well. 
Even the other members of the Dragon Slayer Guild joined in. 
These people were not cowards. In fact, the thought of charging to their deaths suited them just fine! 
However, Alice drew her Ominous Blade and spoke seriously, “None of you will die. I will fully unleash the Darkspawn and the Demon Dragon. With Sylph’s help, we can hold off the war bugs and monsters. You all can escape…” 
A chilling laugh came from the blade, “Kekeke! Yes! That’s it! This is the moment I’ve been waiting for!!!” 
“Princess Alice…” Gobu Yue muttered, filled with guilt. 
Just as everyone was consumed by sorrow, the headless knight, Gegard, spoke up, “Your Goblin Majesty! Perhaps I worried you, but I am not your enemy—I am your ally!” 
“Huh?” 
Everyone froze in disbelief at these words. 
Even Lin Tian was stunned. “Ally?” 
Gegard then explained, “Protecting my homeland is my obsession. My resurrection is thanks to your grace! Now go, overthrow the Zerg Empire, and claim your reward from His Goblin Majesty!” 
“Kill!”  
A massive wave of monsters surged past Lin Tian and his companions, charging toward the Insect army! 
Even though the Insects had holy-element attacks, they couldn’t stop the diverse abilities of the monstrous horde! 
For goblins, close combat was a death sentence under the holy-element attacks. But the demi-human monsters, with their varied abilities, could attack the war bugs from a distance. 
The Thunder Bear tribe, with a single strike, chained attacks across thousands of war bugs! 
The Harpy tribe, transforming their feathers into blades, sniped the holy-element war bugs! 
The Frenzied Giant Rhino tribe simply charged headfirst, impaling the holy-element bugs. 
And it didn’t stop there. 
The Catfolk, Snakemen, Werewolves, and even Rabbitfolk all joined the battle! 
Their unique abilities made it easy to deal with the war bugs. 
The evolved war bugs, designed specifically to counter Lin Tian and the goblins, stood no chance against these newly arrived demi-human monsters! 
The headless knight swung his rusted iron longsword, shrouded in black flames. 
Facing tens of thousands of Insect troops, he delivered a single mighty slash! 
“World-class Sword Skill: Death Cross Slash!” 
“Boom!” 
A cross-shaped wave of sword energy swept across several kilometers! 
In one sweep, it obliterated every war bug in its path! 
The tide of battle shifted once again! 
The Zerg Queen, watching this scene, was in utter disbelief. “Impossible! Where did all these demi-humans and monsters come from?! Goblin, how could you!?” 
“Ah, dear Zerg Queen… I’m coming to catch you…” Lin Tian said with a twisted smile, gazing into the void. 
Furious, the Zerg Queen screamed, “You think you can capture me?! You think your monsters and demi-humans can defeat me? They’re nothing! I’ll kill them all!” 
With that, she forcibly triggered her evolution and began laying eggs once more! 
“Zerg Queen, your body can’t handle this!” The Zerg King warned from below, concerned. 
But the Zerg Queen had no choice—she had to risk the backlash. 
She forcibly laid more eggs, but this time, only three million of them hatched, far fewer than the expected five million. 
Two million eggs were dead. 
Many of the newly hatched insects died immediately from premature birth. 
In total, only about two million remained. 
Watching this unfold, the Zerg Queen felt a deep pain in her heart. “Goblin! Goblin!! Goblin!!! Look at what you’ve done! Bring him to me! I’ll make him my star wrath for life, and make sure he wishes he were dead every day!” 
The two million newly evolved war bugs immediately launched into action! 
Each one no longer looked like a bug, but rather had taken on demi-human forms! 
Their combat strength was formidable, and they wielded holy-element attacks! 
“Zerg Queen, should we assist?” the Zerg King asked upon seeing this. 
The Zerg Queen immediately snapped, “Fool! I’m too weak now! What if someone launches a sneak attack?” 
Due to the strain of her forced egg production, her once-massive body had shrunk by two-thirds. 
She now resembled little more than an oversized ant queen. 
Recovering from this would take many, many years. 
… 
On the Frontline 
The two hundred million insect soldiers were still far from being wiped out—there were still at least a hundred million remaining. However, with the relentless assault from the demi-human monsters, their complete annihilation was only a matter of time. 
Gegard charged directly into the insect swarm, cutting his way through, and pressed forward until he reached the gates of the Zerg Empire, unleashing havoc everywhere! 
As an undead, the armor-clad figure within was nothing more than a swirling mass of black energy. 
It was nearly impossible to harm him. 
Unless his magic was completely depleted, he could fight indefinitely. 
But suddenly— 
Gegard became alert. “Insect monsters in demi-human form? I never expected those tiny bugs from back then to grow this powerful. Zerg Queen…” 
A loud thud echoed as the Zerg Queen’s expression changed, recognizing Gegard’s identity. “The First Knight of the Age of Chaos, Gegard?! I didn’t expect you to resurrect after falling to that Lord of Sin. So, it seems you weren’t devoured by the Gluttonous Demon King.” 
One of the demi-human Insect monsters spoke coldly. 
Gegard chuckled proudly. “That’s right. Luckily, I didn’t die at the hands of the Gluttonous Demon King. Otherwise, I’d have let a little bug like you rise to power!” 
… 
A star wrath is a homonym for sex slave in Chinese, both  “xing nu”. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 230: Psychological Games, the Zerg Queen’s Despair! 
TL: Sungmin  
“Why are you helping the goblins? I can team up with you to overthrow the Lords of Sin in the Uninhabited Zone and avenge you!” the Zerg Queen spoke again, clearly wary of him. 
Gegard scoffed, his tone filled with disdain. “My revival is a gift from the goblins. Why do you think I’m helping them? Besides, his accomplishments will far surpass yours. World Class Sword Skill!” 
With that, he swung his sword again! 
The demi-human insects hastily retreated, though hundreds were still cut down. 
There were a full two million of them—how long would it take to slaughter them all? 
Lin Tian and his group broke through the encirclement to provide support. “What are these things? Each one has over three thousand combat power!” They could hardly believe it. 
If the Zerg Queen continued evolving and producing at this rate, she might eventually mass-produce soldier bugs with combat power exceeding ten thousand! 
The mere thought of it was terrifying. 
“Be careful, these soldier bugs have high awareness. They retain the memories of the previous generation and are very familiar with our attacks!” Gegard warned the group. 
Every race, every demi-human’s attack pattern seemed well-known to them, allowing the bugs to easily dodge. 
Meanwhile, a large number of demi-human creatures were being slaughtered by the magic bugs, their screams filling the air! 
The Zerg Queen cackled with excitement, “Goblins! Now do you see my power? The heavens may grant you one miracle, but never a second! No one can save you now!” 
The magic bugs’ attacks grew increasingly skillful and intense! 
Ten thousand of them surrounded Alice, the One-Eyed Owl, and Gegard, requiring a long time to clear.  
At this rate, after just three waves, their stamina would be completely drained. 
Certain death awaited them. 
Yet Lin Tian simply laughed. “Queen, what if I told you I have another miracle in store? What would you think then?” 
“Gods wouldn’t favor someone like you! What miracle could you possibly have left?” she sneered. 
Suddenly! 
A cacophony of rustling, loud and piercing, echoed through the air—an overwhelming sound of countless creatures crawling closer! 
Everyone felt a chill down their spines. It was the sound of a massive, synchronized army of insects! 
The Zerg Queen hastily controlled one of her magic bugs to look back. 
Her pupils constricted instantly!  
What appeared before her was an army of tens of millions of ants! 
And they were brand-new soldier ants! 
Though smaller in size, about two meters tall, each one had sharp, goblin-like fangs! 
Their eyes glowed red, their limbs were muscular and strong! 
They had a humanoid appearance and could walk upright. 
In terms of combat power, each ant matched the second-evolution magic bugs, with a strength of three thousand! 
They swarmed into the chaotic battlefield, tearing into the demi-human magic bugs. 
Their methods were as brutal and savage as the goblins themselves! 
Despite having the same combat power, these ants could fight one-on-two, tearing the demi-human magic bugs apart. 
“This is impossible! Ant Queen! What are you doing? Not joining the fight was one thing, but have you become a traitor?” the Zerg Queen demanded coldly. 
Both queens could control their respective armies of insects completely, so they were able to communicate telepathically. 
The Ant Queen chuckled darkly, “Kekekeke~ Queen, I’m no traitor. I will always be loyal to the ant race…” 
“Traitor! I’ll kill you myself!” the Zerg Queen shrieked in fury, sending one of her Zerg Kings to deal with the Ant Queen. 
But, as she looked at the situation before her, she hesitated. “Damn it! Why is this happening?” 
If she sent the Zerg King away, the goblins would storm the palace, and she would be in danger. 
Frustrated, she reluctantly held back. 
Lin Tian smiled in satisfaction. “Well done, Ant Queen. Now let’s head straight to the Zerg Queen’ palace! Wait for me! I’ll make sure you taste my methods!” 
“Stop them! Stop them!!!” the Zerg Queen screamed hysterically. 
But with the hybrid soldier ants now in play, she no longer had enough troops to hold back Lin Tian and his group. 
The demi-human magic bugs were barely able to protect themselves. 
Thus. 
Lin Tian and his team arrived at the familiar mountain and set their sights on the palace standing tall at its summit. They charged straight toward it! 
“Boom!!!” 
The palace doors were kicked open by Lin Tian. 
The Zerg Queen shrank back in a panic, but her enormous, fleshy form was rooted in place and couldn’t move. 
She could only cry out, “Quick! Kill them! Kill them!” 
Two Zerg Kings immediately charged through the dust kicked up by the shattered palace doors. 
“Swish!” 
Two dark figures flew out of the dust! 
The Crocodile Demon King, wielding a bone blade, slashed wildly at one of the Zerg Kings. Their combat powers were evenly matched. 
Lin Tian was surprised. “Wasn’t that crocodile killed by the trojan war god? Why is it still here?” 
“Your Majesty, Troy’s creatures are virtual. Even if they’re killed, they can be summoned again after some time,” Sara explained, holding an ancient staff that glowed brightly as she controlled the Crocodile Demon King. 
Now, only one Zerg King remained. 
Alice and the One-Eyed Owl immediately launched a fierce attack! 
They pressed it back, leaving no chance for it to counterattack. 
Lin Tian’s gaze then turned cold as he looked at the enormous fleshy mass that was the Zerg Queen. He paused briefly, then spoke, “Queen, you seem to have shrunk. But it doesn’t matter anymore. I’ll give you three choices. Want to hear them?” 
“Hmph, Goblin, aren’t you celebrating too early? I have three choices for you as well—do you want to hear them?” the Zerg Queen sneered, her gaze dark and sinister. 
Lin Tian curled his lip in disdain. “I know you still have some tricks left. The strongest power of the magic insect race isn’t the Zerg Kings, but you. So what?” 
“You know?!” For a moment, the Zerg Queen grew nervous. “If you know, why would you dare come here?” 
“Because I truly want to torture you with my own hands!” Lin Tian gritted his teeth, speaking with deep resentment. 
Thinking back on the past half year, during which he had endured torment so unbearable it made him wish for death, he felt madness rising within him. 
It had been far too long since he last tortured someone. 
The last was the human, Loder, and the next would be this Zerg Queen! 
He then spoke, “Let me give you your three choices. First! Since you love playing games so much, why not go have fun with all the demi-human monsters on the front lines, along with the hybrid soldier ants! One round with each of them!” 
At the very least, there were still one or two million demi-human monsters left. 
That meant one or two million rounds. 
Hearing this, the Zerg Queen’ eyes twitched, and her expression grew complex as she remained silent. 
However, Alice and the others, who were still in the middle of battle, felt their hearts clench! 
One or two million rounds—just imagining it was overwhelming. 
Saying it would be like “sparks and lightning” was an understatement. 
“The second option,” Lin Tian continued, “although I absolutely despise you, I wouldn’t mind getting a little revenge first. Obediently offer your true body to me. Then, once I fuse with a dragon or another gigantic creature, if you manage to survive, I’ll let you go.” 
His eyes gleamed with a malevolent excitement, as if he could hardly contain it. 
Alice and the others shuddered again at the thought. The Zerg Queen’ true form was about the size of an average person—they couldn’t imagine how horribly she would die! 
“You lunatic!” The Zerg Queen’ face was filled with terror as she swallowed hard. 
Then Lin Tian gave his final choice. “Give up resisting and obediently become a breeding machine for my goblins. But don’t think you’ll get off easy! None of these choices will be pleasant! You’ll have to produce at least ten million hybrids each day before you can rest!” 
Immediately! 
The Zerg Queen exploded into curses, “Madman! You devil! Ten million? Even if I had that capability, I’d be worn down to the point I couldn’t even keep my own filth in! Don’t push me to the brink of death with you!” 
“Kekekeke, fine. If you resist, you’ll have to go through all three options!” Lin Tian growled, his eyes glaring at her with a savage intensity. 
For a moment. 
The massive mound of flesh that was the Zerg Queen trembled violently. She realized that if she died during the process, it would be a relief. 
But if she didn’t die, the torment would be unimaginable! 
Just thinking about it caused her mind to teeter on the edge of chaos. 
She didn’t know whether she should risk everything and fight Lin Tian. After all, her combat power was at the Demon King level, stronger than the Zerg Kings. 
But if she lost, she would endure all three of those hellish punishments! 
If she didn’t fight, she’d have to choose one of them. 
The only chance to escape this nightmare was if she could defeat him. 
“Are you sure about this?! Your combat power is nowhere near the Demon King level, and none of your companions can help you! Aren’t you afraid I’ll kill you?!” the Zerg Queen stammered, trying to intimidate him. 
Lin Tian remained as calm as ever, his gaze filled with a twisted excitement and a thirst for screams. 
His demeanor had already thrown the Zerg Queen into complete disarray. 
Despite having superior combat power, she didn’t dare gamble on it! 
The risk of failure was too, too terrifying. 
This was a psychological game! 
Although Lin Tian wasn’t strong enough to face the Zerg Queen’s true form, if Alice or the One-Eyed Owl managed to free themselves, they could deal with her. 
But avoiding a fight altogether would be ideal. 
“I’ll count to three. If you don’t make your choice by then, it’ll be too late to regret it…” Lin Tian began. 
“Three…” 
Thump! Thump! Thump! 
The ominous countdown echoed in her ears, making the Zerg Queen’ heart pound wildly. Her massive form seemed to shrink further in fear, drenched in cold sweat. 
“Two…” 
“One…” 
Finally, at the last moment, the Zerg Queen cried out, “Enough! I-I surrender! I choose the third option! The first two would mean certain death! You lunatic! Devil! Pervert! Goblins are the most vile creatures in the world! Waaaaa!” She burst into tears, sobbing pitifully. 
At that moment, the Zerg Kings who were still engaged in battle were left utterly dumbfounded. “Your Majesty, y-you’ve surrendered?! What are we supposed to do now?!” 
Slash! 
Alice thrust her sword into the Zerg King’s abdomen, muttering, “Lord Sylph…” 
Shwsh! 
A blast of sword energy exploded like a whirlwind, tearing the Zerg King’s internal organs to shreds. 
If they had continued fighting, it would have been hard for Alice to break through the Zerg King’s armor, given the gap in combat power. 
But with the One-Eyed Owl having cracked it slightly, Alice seized the opportunity and delivered a killing blow. 
On the other side. 
The Crocodile Demon King had begun to struggle as the Zerg King pressed its advantage. 
Lin Tian hurled the Spear of Zeus with all his might. Though it only slightly cracked the armor, the blood-weakening effect of Blood of Ruin came into play. 
With that, the Crocodile Demon King regained the upper hand. 
“Queen, why did you surrender?! Why didn’t you help us?! You traitor!!!” the Zerg King roared in frustration, only to be caught by the Crocodile Demon King, who bit down on its head, executing a lethal death roll. 
It was killed on the spot. 
Watching her two most trusted servants die right before her eyes, the Zerg Queen sank deeper into terror. “I…I…” She stammered, unable to finish her sentence. 
Suddenly, a slick, squelching sound filled the air. 
The Zerg Queen began separating herself from the mound of flesh, revealing her long, slender legs and a delicate waist. 
Her bloodshot eyes wide with desperation, she rushed forward and knelt before Lin Tian. “Goblin Majesty, I’ve surrendered! I beg you, please show mercy and reduce my punishment. I can produce hybrid species for you, but could we lower it to a hundred thousand per day? Please, I beg you!” 
“I-I’ll even lick your feet. Forgive me!”  
The Zerg Queen cast aside her pride and dignity, leaning down to press her head against Lin Tian’s feet, clinging to him in a desperate bid for survival. 
Feeling the warmth and the tingling satisfaction of dominance, Lin Tian’s expression remained icy as he responded, “Alright, I forgive you. But first, let me drain all your magic power.” 
With that, he took out the Magic-Sealing Sword he had reclaimed from Gobu Jian. 
You can read extra chapters at <a href="https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/">Etude Translations</a> linked to Patreon! <a href="https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/">https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/</a> 
If you have any questions about updates, join our Discord: <a href="https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC">https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC</a> 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 231: Unease, the Holy Light in the Sky! 
TL: Sungmin  
Hearing that her magic power would be drained, the Zerg Queen hesitated. “Your Goblin Majesty, this…” 
Without her magic, she would be nothing more than prey at the mercy of others! 
Anyone would hesitate in such a situation. 
But now, she had no way to turn back. 
Alice, the One-Eyed Owl, and Sara had all freed their hands. 
Even if she still wanted to resist, she wouldn’t be able to handle so many opponents. 
Moreover, she had already forcibly evolved for production, leaving her with only half of her strength. Otherwise, she would be a full-fledged Demon King, completely fearless. 
But now, there was no use in saying anything. 
Like a gambler, she could only obediently offer everything. 
“Be good, don’t resist, sweetheart. I’ll treat you well,” Lin Tian said with a sinister tone, mimicking the Zerg Queen’s earlier speech. 
Then, he activated the Magic-Sealing Sword, draining all the magic from her body. 
The Zerg Queen nearly stumbled, her strength completely stripped away! 
Although her combat power wasn’t reduced to zero, as her racial abilities made her body incredibly strong—she still had around three thousand battle power. 
But to Lin Tian, she was now just meat on a chopping board. 
“Come with me!” 
Bringing the Zerg Queen along, the group slowly moved toward the front lines. 
Nearly a full day had passed. 
With Gegard and the half-blood soldier ants joining the fight, the demon insects had been completely wiped out! 
However, a few million other insects, sensing the danger, had fled. 
The wasteland was chaotic, corpses scattered everywhere. 
The ground was layered half a meter deep with flesh and blood, the stench of gore overwhelming! 
There were so many insect limbs and remnants that there was hardly any place to step, with piles of bodies from demi-human monsters and creatures forming mountains. 
The sticky fluids and blood from the insects had merged, creating several bizarre rivers! 
Anyone who fell into these rivers wouldn’t be able to escape, drowning alive, much like quicksand dragging down souls in vengeance. 
On the ruined battlements, Lin Tian felt an immense satisfaction. “Finally, finally, things can settle!” 
He scanned the battlefield with a sweeping gaze. 
Roughly estimating, there were only about seven to eight million demi-human monsters who had come to aid them. 
The mixed-blood ant soldiers numbered a bit over five million, plus a small number of goblins. 
In total, around fifteen million. 
“Boss! How is it, did you defeat the Zerg Queen? Have we avenged ourselves?” Gobu Kuang and the others rushed over, eager. 
If it weren’t for their voices, they would have been unrecognizable! 
They looked like grotesque meat paste monsters, covered in pieces of flesh and soaked in blood. 
Lin Tian nodded and ordered, “Alright, gather everyone and get them in line. You first, come taste the Zerg Queen!” 
Gobu Kuang froze for a moment, his eyes turning to the Zerg Queen beside Lin Tian, who was now slim and slender, almost as if she were wearing tight clothing. 
His eyes instantly widened in disbelief! 
“Boss, you’re the best! Hurry, hurry, line up!” Gobu Kuang shouted loudly. 
One voice spread to ten, ten to a hundred, a hundred to a thousand, a thousand to ten thousand! 
Before long, the entire army had heard the news, and they were more excited than they had been during the bloodbath moments earlier! 
“What! I, I really can? Even a lowly monster like me can taste the Zerg Queen! That’s a true Demon King-level being!” 
“The leader of billions, the founder of an empire that stood strong for thousands of years! And now she’s going to be our toy, hahaha!” 
“Long live His Majesty Goblin! Coming to support was the best decision I’ve ever made in my life! Hahaha! This is amazing!” 
“I get to play with the Zerg Queen?! Am I dreaming? Hahaha!” 
The soldiers shouted in exhilaration, their eyes gleaming like ravenous wolves! 
They could hardly wait, consumed by excitement! 
Seeing this scene, the Zerg Queen was dumbstruck. Trembling, she stammered, “Wha-what, what does this mean? Lord Goblin, did I hear you wrong? What did you just say? What are you planning to make them do?” 
“Hehehe, relax, it’ll be over if you just endure it, right?” Lin Tian grinned, his expression dark and chilling. 
Hearing his words, the Zerg Queen felt an odd sense of familiarity. “Lord Goblin, didn’t you promise me? Why… why are you doing this! I don’t want this, stay away from me!” 
Watching Gobu Kuang approach, the Zerg Queen’s face turned pale with fear. She clawed at the ground, desperately trying to crawl away, but she was powerless to resist. 
Gobu Kuang easily pinned her down beneath his foot. “Boss, I can treat her however I want, right?” 
“No.” 
Lin Tian’s eyes suddenly turned sharp. 
The Zerg Queen thought for a moment that he had changed his mind, and she was overwhelmed with gratitude. “Your Goblin Majesty, thank you! Thank you! Please, don’t let those demi-human monsters… don’t let them…!” 
“You have to treat her with the most violence! The most brutality! Hold nothing back! I want to hear a long and despairing dirge!” Lin Tian commanded. 
“Crack!” 
In that moment, the Zerg Queen’s heart, even her very soul, shattered! She screamed with all her might, “Goblin! You beast, I’ll kill you! I’ll kill you!!!!!” 
But alas, it was only empty words. 
“Let’s rest here in the city for now.” 
Lin Tian slowly left, planning to devour all the corpses of the powerful enemies. By doing so, he could increase his level and strengthen his combat power. Even a small increase was better than nothing. 
“Beastly Goblin! I hate you!!! I curse you!!!”  
Behind him, the rhythmic wailing of the Zerg Queen echoed, filled with despair. 
Looking at Gegard, Lin Tian said, “Even though this is our first time meeting, thank you for your help. Otherwise, I would’ve taken a huge loss this time.” 
“I should be thanking you instead. Otherwise, I would still be a rotting corpse underground.” Gegard spoke, bowing deeply with respect. 
Then, he added, “Your Majesty, I hope you protect the Goblin Empire well. Although it’s no longer the empire I once guarded, I’m very satisfied with your development plans! This homeland will surely become a prosperous city…” 
After his resurrection, Gegard had spent a long time experiencing life, and he was very pleased with Goblin City. That’s why he helped Lin Tian. 
Otherwise, it would have been considered a coup. 
“Of course, but earlier, I heard you and the Zerg Queen mention something about a Lord of Sin and a Gluttonous Demon King. What’s that about?” Lin Tian asked, concerned. 
He didn’t want another boss to suddenly appear before he even had time to reorganize his army. 
That would be beyond frustrating. 
Gegard paused for a moment, sighed deeply, and was about to explain when Lin Tian interrupted him. “Let’s find a quieter place. It’s too noisy here.” 
Behind them, the sorrowful screams of the Zerg Queen were unbearable. 
“Ah… sure,” Gegard said, a bit amused. 
Once inside the Zerg Empire’s city, Gegard continued, “Well, it dates back over two thousand years. During that time, the Uninhabited Zone was in what’s called the Age of Chaos…” 
“The Age of Chaos? What does that mean?” Lin Tian asked, intrigued. 
“The Age of Chaos was essentially an era of endless wars. Every empire and tribe was in constant conflict, raiding each other to survive because resources were scarce. 
That part isn’t important since times have changed, but I suspect the Lords of Sin have not. 
There are seven lords in the Uninhabited Zone, each representing a deadly sin: Greed, Pride, Sloth, Wrath, Envy, Gluttony, and Lust. All of them are Demon King-level beings with unique and formidable powers. 
At that time, an enemy nation sacrificed millions of their people to the Greed Demon King in order to destroy us. He led an army of monsters that ravaged our land, and I perished in the battle trying to defend it. However, even the Greed Demon King didn’t leave the enemy nation unscathed. 
It seems that in recent years, the Uninhabited Zone hasn’t paid much attention to this area, or you would have known about the Lords of Sin by now.” 
Gegard spoke with a heavy heart. 
Lin Tian raised an eyebrow. He had passed through the Uninhabited Zone many times, especially on his way to the World Tree. 
The World Tree was located in the center of the continent. 
He hadn’t expected that such powerful demonic beings lurked in the Uninhabited Zone, capable of wiping out ancient empires. 
Judging by what Gegard said, a nation that could sacrifice millions must have been far more powerful than the Holy Tree of the Giant Elephant or the Trojan Empire. 
Lin Tian gazed into the distance. “Demon King-level beings, huh? Heh, I’ll go find them for a little fun when the time comes.” 
For now, though, he needed to rest and gather strength. 
The thought of peacefully increasing his power without any imminent threats made him feel incredibly pleased. 
“I believe you’ll reach a level where you can crush the Lords of Sin. I, too, want to avenge myself by killing the Greed Demon King,” Gegard said, clenching his fists in rage. 
Looking at him, Lin Tian nodded. “It’ll be even better with your help. First, let’s go pay the Ant Tribe a visit.” 
The Ant Queen had helped them, and although Lin Tian initially planned to capture her and turn her into a breeding tool, it no longer seemed necessary. She had already willingly submitted and become a star wrath. 
Suddenly, a ray of sunlight pierced through the dark sky, catching everyone’s attention. 
Lin Tian watched from afar, sensing something strange about it! 
A beam of sunlight breaking through the clouds was not unusual. 
But this light—it was holy light! 
There was no way he was mistaken. 
A strange sense of unease began to spread through Lin Tian’s heart. “Wait, let’s go back. Walking around this empty city gives me the creeps.” 
Most of the troops were stationed and resting in the front line area. 
The entire army was lined up, enjoying the spoils of their victory. 
In numbers, they all felt a bit safer. 
Gegard was a little surprised but found it amusing. “Your Goblin Majesty, you’re a monster that crawled out of a pile of corpses, and yet, you’re afraid of ghosts? You’ve encountered plenty of them, haven’t you?” 
Despite his words, he still accompanied Lin Tian back. 
“Brother Tian, you’re back!”  
Osius and Grugia were resting on a giant rock, sitting together. 
They were with Alice, Gobu Kuang, and the One-Eyed Owl. 
Seeing them, Lin Tian’s unease began to dissipate. “Hahaha, have you enjoyed the fruits of victory? How does it feel?” 
He was already sick of the Zerg Queen’s body, disgusted by it. During the early days, the flesh mountain had been something the Zerg Queen had forced upon him. 
That’s why he felt so much hatred. 
“I don’t know what to say. I’m still reliving the memory! Maybe this will be one of the most precious moments of my life! To think I’d ever get to be with such a stunning beauty—a Demon King-level Zerg Queen! I never imagined it!” Osius exclaimed excitedly. 
Everyone began teasing and joking with each other. 
Lin Tian’s brow gradually furrowed as he stared at the prominent beam of light in the sky. The growing sense of unease intensified within him. 
“System, activate Life Simulation.” 
He no longer cared about the post-battle celebrations. 
First, he needed to use the system to check if anything unexpected was about to happen. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 232: The Kingdom of Heaven! Angels! 
TL: Sungmin  
[Life Simulation Activated] 
After a brutal and bloody battle, you finally took down the Zerg Queen, unleashing all your pent-up rage.  
You thought that you could now settle down, quickly grow stronger, and then lead your army with overwhelming power to break through the Uninhabited Zone and hunt down the demigods. 
However, just as your forces were reveling in the spoils of victory, something unexpected happened. 
The gates of Heaven opened. 
A beam of holy light in the sky grew increasingly bright—an archangel descended! 
Their overwhelming power was something you couldn’t resist. In an instant, you were killed. 
[This Life Simulation has ended. Simulation duration: fifteen minutes.] 
[Summary: An angel descended, carrying the wrath of judgment. Though not a true god, they possess the bloodline of a demigod, making them incredibly powerful.] 
[Your life rating this time: 0. Life points earned: 0.] 
… 
Lin Tian’s expression turned grave as he stared at the simulation results, shock filling his eyes. 
“An angel?!” 
He hadn’t expected an angel to appear at such a critical moment!  
Worse, he had been instantly killed. 
The lack of additional information from the simulation meant that the angel had specifically targeted him! 
Lin Tian gathered his thoughts and looked down at his own attire. 
Armor, headgear, weaponry—all of it was dazzling, enough to make anyone mistake him for the Goblin King. 
He quickly stashed everything into his space ring, even hiding the ring itself. 
Perhaps this way, he might still have a chance to fight back! 
“Your Majesty, what’s wrong? You look… quite uneasy,” said Gegado, puzzled. 
Lin Tian gazed at the sky and gave loud orders to everyone, “Prepare for battle immediately! A true enemy is about to arrive—it’s an angel!” 
“What?!” 
“Did I hear that right? An angel? Where would an angel come from?” 
“Hey, hey! Look at that light in the sky! It’s kind of unusual… and it’s getting bigger!” 
The crowd was thrown into shock, all looking upwards. 
When they felt the increasingly strong divine power descending, they realized the gravity of the situation. 
Something was really coming down! 
… 
Above the clouds, in Heaven. 
It was a dreamlike world, entirely created by the Lord God.  
It looked like a massive castle, floating on the clouds. 
The castle’s primary colors were pure gold and white, utterly unsullied by dust.  
Majestic and awe-inspiring, it resembled a painting. 
In the castle’s grand plaza, a towering statue of Jesus, a thousand meters high, stood at the center. His arms were spread wide, like a cross, lifelike in detail. 
In the middle of this plaza, two angels, clad in shining silver armor and bearing pure white wings, were deep in conversation. 
Their wings were immaculate, without a single blemish—just like the angels themselves. 
They had golden hair, clear eyes, and skin as white as jade. 
Their silver armor accentuated their slender, graceful figures, making them incredibly captivating. 
“Javier, wait. We still haven’t received Lord Gabriel’s response yet. We shouldn’t descend to the mortal realm just yet,” one of the angels said worriedly. 
Her name was Loxie, and like the angel before her, Javier, she was one of the archangels. Among the angels, they both held considerable status. 
Ahead of them, at the far end of the plaza, stood a half-open golden gate—the entrance to the mortal realm from Heaven. 
Since Heaven was a created world, it didn’t float in the sky above the ground. To descend to the mortal realm, they needed to use magical gates for teleportation. 
Javier, looking anxious, turned around. Her large wings, along with a pair of smaller ones beneath them, fluttered slightly as she spoke solemnly, “There’s no time! The gate to the mortal world opens only once a year. Those monsters have all gathered in one place—this is the perfect opportunity to judge them all!” 
“But… we haven’t heard from the archangels yet…” Loxie still looked hesitant. 
Javier urged her, “Come with me, Loxie! Even if those monsters doubled their numbers, they wouldn’t stand a chance against the two of us. If we manage to judge them all, we might even advance to mid-tier angels! Then we’d have a better chance of igniting our divine sparks, no longer remaining mere demigods!” 
At this, Loxie couldn’t help but feel a bit tempted. 
Angels were not true gods with divine sparks—they were, at best, demigods with the bloodline of the divine. 
Among the lowest-ranking angels were “angels,” “archangels,” and “principalities.” 
Next came the mid-tier angels: “powers,” “virtues,” and “dominions.” 
Then, the high-tier angels: “thrones” and “cherubim.” 
The “thrones” were the pinnacle of melee warriors, while the “cherubim” represented supreme magical prowess. 
Finally, there were the true gods, the immortal twelve-winged Seraphim, who had ignited their divine sparks, such as Gabriel and Michael, the personal guards of the Lord God. 
“Well… while I also want to judge those monsters and avenge the faithful, the archangels haven’t given their reply yet… I don’t dare…” 
Loxie, looking timid, finally spoke, “But… I’m worried, Javier. I can’t bear the thought of anything happening to you… You’re my friend.” 
Javier almost felt like scolding her, frustrated beyond measure. “You’ve been this cowardly since you were a child. Are you really afraid of a bunch of monsters?” 
“But… the believer Douglas died at the hands of those monsters. His soul should’ve become an angel after death, but Lucifer stole him…” Loxie muttered, nervously fidgeting with her fingers like a child. 
The battle on the Laiyang Plains was still fresh in their minds. They had witnessed it all through Archangel Gabriel’s magic, yet the Gate of Heaven hadn’t been open at the time, so they couldn’t help. Only the Lord God could personally open the gate, but He resided in Eden, where no one could reach Him, leaving the angels powerless. 
Loxie added, “Please don’t go, Javier. I’m worried something will happen to you. I don’t want to lose you… You’re my friend.” 
Javier’s face darkened. “Enough. I can’t believe how scared you are. Goblins? Lowly monsters? You think I’d be in danger? We are angels! We wield the purest holy power, the bane of all monsters! And you’re actually afraid of them? You’re a disgrace to the archangels!” 
“You…!” Loxie’s golden eyes filled with a single blue tear, shining like a gem, as it slowly rolled down her cheek. She was deeply hurt. 
Javier turned abruptly, walking toward the glowing Gate of Heaven. “I have no use for a friend like you! Weak, fearful, and ignorant of an angel’s duty! You’re not fit to be an angel!” 
With those words, Javier stepped into the light of the gate. 
Her words pierced Loxie’s heart like a dagger.  
“Javier, how could you say that? We’re supposed to be friends…” 
“The duty of an angel is to judge those wicked monsters! Who cares if the archangels haven’t responded? Once I ascend to a mid-tier angel, you’ll no longer be my equal, let alone my friend! Farewell, Loxie!” 
As Javier’s voice faded, the Gate of Heaven slammed shut with a deafening echo. 
Loxie stood in the now empty plaza, clasping her hands together in prayer for Javier’s safety. Though she was an angel, she was still a soldier at heart—her mind no different from any ordinary person. 
… 
In the mortal realm. 
Lin Tian had ordered everyone to scatter, hiding himself among the goblin army to avoid being singled out by the approaching threat. 
He still didn’t know how many angels were coming. 
Running wasn’t an option; the only choice was to hope for an opportunity to strike back. 
Suddenly, a tremendous pressure descended from the sky! 
The holy light that had been faintly glowing exploded into a brilliant, blinding radiance, shattering the clouds and wrapping the entire world in a cloak of light. 
The brightness was so intense that the demi-humans and monsters couldn’t even open their eyes; everything in their vision went dark despite the overwhelming illumination. 
“What’s happening?!” 
“What… what is that thing? Is it really an angel?!” 
“I know! It’s a real angel, a divine being! Monsters like us aren’t even worthy to look at them! Damn it, what makes them so special?!” 
A chorus of complaints came from the monsters, but none of them could open their eyes. 
Though the world was bathed in light, the creatures’ sight was consumed by darkness. Such was the terror of an angel’s descent. 
However, not all were affected. The One-Eyed Owl and Alice, both non-monsters, could still see. Lin Tian, along with Gobu Kuang and others who had absorbed the strength of Trojan heroes, were also immune to the holy light’s suppression. 
At that moment, a grand and majestic background music filled the air, reminiscent of an orchestral performance from the medieval era, stirring awe in everyone who heard it. 
“No way… this angel comes with background music? This is bad…” Lin Tian muttered, feeling the situation grow even more dire. 
In the center of the holy light, a figure finally appeared. 
First, a pair of silver boots touched down, followed by long, white thighs, clad in a red skirt. Then came a slender waist and gleaming armor. Golden hair cascaded down her pale neck, framing her face—an expression of both divine purity and stern authority. 
In her hand was a silver holy sword, with a crimson cross emblazoned on it. 
Her massive divine wings flapped once, sending feathers flying in all directions, surrounding Javier with an aura of untouchable sacred might. 
A golden halo hovered above her head, symbolizing her heavenly status.  
Although she only bore a demigod’s bloodline, her holy power was a natural enemy of all monsters. Her confidence and strength were evident, her composure unshaken even before a massive army of brutal creatures below. 
“This is an angel? Compared to her, the Zerg Queen was nothing!” Gobu Kuang muttered in awe, his eyes glazed over with desire. “I… I want to trample her dignity, defile her purity!” 
In the sky, Javier’s eyebrows furrowed slightly as she overheard his thoughts, but she didn’t pay him much mind. Her gaze swept across the battlefield, filled with disdain and revulsion. 
The ground was stained crimson, littered with mountains of corpses and rivers of flesh. 
The stench of blood was overwhelming, enough to make anyone nauseous. 
Javier spoke slowly, each word cutting through the air like a blade, “Wretched… filthy… fallen… sinful… evil monsters! I am the messenger from Heaven! The Archangel of Judgment—Javier!” 
“Your very existence defiles this beautiful land! In the name of justice, I shall judge you all! Immediate execution!” 
“Do you have any last words?” 
Her voice resonated like the gavel of a judge striking the bench, silencing the world in an instant. It was as if she alone was the ruler of this realm. 
Her words echoed far and wide, thundering through the ears and into the very souls of everyone present. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 233: Demigod Bloodline? Evolving Ingredients! 
TL: Sungmin  
“This… this pressure, it’s impossible!” 
“Why are my legs turning to jelly? I’m about to kneel!” 
“We’re doomed! That’s a real angel, our nemesis! What do we do?!” 
The demi-human monsters wailed in despair! 
Chaos erupted, and they were at a loss. 
Even the Zerg Queen lying before them failed to hold any allure now. 
On the ground, the Zerg Queen lay, half of her face submerged in the nauseating, foul-smelling mud of blood, as though she was already dead. 
Yet, her pupils contracted, and she let out an excited laugh, “Haha! Finally! I’m finally going to die! O angel, please judge me! Kill me!!! Aahhh!!!” 
Having experienced such suffering, she had long wished for death. 
To live without hope and be unable to die—that was true despair. 
Now, with the angel here to kill them all, she was, naturally, thrilled. 
“Oi! Things just got messy, huh?” Even the One-Eyed Owl couldn’t help but sweat, “I don’t even have the desire to fight that thing from the heavens. What kind of monster is this? It looks like it can toy with lives at will… kind of makes me sick!” 
“This… this feeling! Impossible!” Sara was on her knees, holding herself up with her hands to avoid collapsing, her pupils trembling! 
Just one glance at Javier was enough to stun her with the overwhelming aura of divine glory, almost knocking her unconscious! 
The being that had descended upon the world, illuminating all things! Commanding awe in everything! 
The impact was too overwhelming! 
To her, it was a sacred honor that made her body immediately submit. 
But her spirit was still resisting. 
When she heard Javier’s words, spoken like a divine oracle, aside from those like Gobu Kuang, who had the power of a hero, nearly all the other goblins, monsters, and demi-humans were already trembling on their knees, begging to survive. 
Even the hybrid soldier ants controlled by the ant queen had their connection severed. 
They were forcibly brought to their knees. 
“Damn it, is this… divine punishment?” 
Osius and Grugia were also trembling in despair! 
The members of the Dragon Slayer Guild feared no death! 
But that judgmental pressure, reaching deep into their souls! 
It made them quake. 
Staring at Javier, Lin Tian’s expression grew complicated. He quickly used the system to check her stats. 
[Javier: Lv100<br/>
Race: Angel<br/>
Profession: Archangel of Judgment<br/>
Title: Judging Evil, Holy Body, Demigod…<br/>
Health: 4000<br/>
Strength: 1600<br/>
Defense: 1400<br/>
Skills: Ultimate Judgment, Holy Light Protection, Holy Healing Song, Judgment Execution, Divine Pressure…<br/>
Equipment: Holy Armor, Holy Cross Sword<br/>
Overall: 17,990] 
Lin Tian hadn’t expected an archangel to be so strong! 
However, it seemed like she was alone. 
His expression relaxed slightly—there was still a chance, but with a battle power of nearly 18,000 and super-powerful divine abilities… 
Even if he combined all his monsters to form one massive boss, they still wouldn’t be able to win. 
However, Alice and the One-Eyed Owl were humans, not monsters. 
They might be the only chance to defeat her. 
“A demigod… So, could angels be eaten to evolve?” Lin Tian muttered, his Scarlett eyes fixed on Javier. 
That was the extent of it. 
In the life simulation earlier, he had been killed instantly, so he needed to avoid drawing attention for now. 
Not far away. 
Gegard, lacking a head, didn’t need vision. 
Sensing the angel’s pressure, she was shocked. “This power… Even a Lord of Sin wouldn’t stand a chance. The bane of monsters, is it? Gods, this is just unfair!” 
“Hm?” 
Hearing Gegard’s voice, Javier’s beautiful eyes locked onto him. 
Her face darkened with disgust. “An evil undead dares speak of the gods? World-Class Magic! Judgment… Execution!” 
Whoosh! 
Javier raised her longsword and aimed it at Gegard, unleashing a beam of pure white holy light! 
At least a hundred meters wide! 
It was breathtaking! 
Violent winds whipped up, tossing Javier’s golden hair and skirt as they fluttered dramatically—radiant and domineering! 
On the ground. 
Gegard’s body trembled. Out of habit, he turned toward Lin Tian. “Goblin Majesty, it seems… I won’t be able to protect our homeland anymore. You must survive!” 
“Boom!” 
The beam of holy light engulfed her entirely! 
Along with a multitude of monsters and demi-humans around her, they were reduced to ashes! 
There wasn’t even time for a single scream! 
The holy light persisted for a full ten seconds. 
When everything finally settled, it left behind a massive crater, a hundred meters deep! 
It was a world-class spell, and on top of that, a supreme holy attack that specifically countered monsters! 
This was far more potent than the suppression effect used by the Pope. 
Even though Gegard was a Demon King-level entity and part of the undead, there was no way he could survive. 
Lin Tian clenched his fists, holding back his anger, but he remained silent, grateful that he had been far enough away! 
No wonder he had been instantly killed in the life simulation—surviving such an attack would have been impossible! 
Javier’s expression remained calm as she surveyed the area below, her gaze curious. “Strange, why do I not see the true instigator of evil? That undead from before shouldn’t be it…” 
“Your Grace, Angel!” In the midst of everyone’s despair and shock, Alice stepped forward, speaking respectfully. “Your Grace, Angel, there’s a misunderstanding. Our leader is also a divine messenger! Everything we’ve done has been according to the will of the gods! Could it be that overthrowing the Zerg Empire has violated the divine order?” 
“Hmm?” Javier’s expression shifted slightly as she scrutinized Alice. 
In an instant, she understood. “A fallen one, is it? Conflict between monsters does not violate the divine order. But over a year ago, the destruction of the Holy Church was connected to you. I seem to recall that you were once the Sword Saintess of the Church. Why, then, did you choose to fall?” 
Those who consorted with monsters were often labeled as fallen by angels. 
Seeing this, Lin Tian’s face darkened. If Alice were to be swayed, things would get out of hand! 
Now that he had a clearer sense of Javier’s power, it was time to go on the offensive! 
As long as they could wound her with Blood of Ruin, the other monsters would have a chance to fight her. 
“Big Sis! Will you fight the angel with me?” Lin Tian called out, taking advantage of the moment while Javier’s attention was on Alice. 
After all, in the eyes of humans, angels were on the side of justice. 
But who knew what they truly thought? 
Upon hearing this, the One-Eyed Owl blinked in surprise, her face darkened. “Are you out of your damn mind? Who else would I help if not you? That pompous bird from heaven?” 
“Brother Tian, you’re underestimating us a bit! Who cares about this nonsense of justice or evil? You conquered those cities, and I had my share of fun! As long as it’s the right thing, count me in! Are we making our move?” Osius and Grugia forced themselves to remain calm, speaking mockingly. 
Bill and the other dwarves also stepped forward, pulling out their magical devices. “Going up against Heaven, huh? Haha! Even this old dwarf can feel his blood boiling—what a thrill!” 
They were part human and part dwarf, so they could only be considered half-monsters. 
They weren’t affected by the suppression of the Holy Light. 
This allowed them to act freely. 
However, the ancient dragons, who were full-fledged monsters, were completely blinded by the light. 
Of course, they could eventually adapt to the suppression. 
But it would take a long time. 
“Father, I can help fight, too!” 
This voice echoed in unison. 
It was from Little Black and Spark. 
With Lin Tian’s bloodline coursing through him, he was strong and fierce, quickly adapting to the situation. 
He could barely make out his surroundings now. 
Still, a head-on clash with Javier would mean certain death. 
Lin Tian nodded firmly. “Good. Listen to my orders. Don’t engage her directly—just keep her distracted. Create an opening for me to land a hit!” 
“Understood!” 
Everyone nodded in unison. 
As Lin Tian and his group approached, Javier temporarily disregarded Alice. “You adapted to the Holy Light’s suppression so quickly? And there are this many fallen ones… Looks like I’ll have to deal with you first!” 
“World-Class Magic: Judgment Execution!” 
Once again, a beam of pure white holy light was aimed straight at Lin Tian! 
Everything in its path was obliterated, reduced to nothingness, to dust! 
“A lowly goblin should never be able to adapt to the Holy Light’s suppression. No matter, he’s dead now. Next, I’ll deal with those fallen…” Javier muttered to herself, but then suddenly sensed something. 
She quickly turned to the side. 
In that instant, the world seemed to slow down, and her golden eyes shifted. 
She clearly saw the Spear of Zeus narrowly graze past her! 
If she hadn’t reacted in time, she might have been hit. 
“Primitive power imbued into a magic device? Dwarven-made, I suppose…” Javier muttered, impressed. 
The Spear of Zeus carried no magical energy, only the power of lightning. 
Her body had low resistance to such attacks, so there was a chance she could have been hurt. 
If it had been a magical item powered by monster magic, her resistance would have negated most of the damage. 
By the edge of the massive crater, Lin Tian quickly recalled the Spear of Zeus, wondering if he could land another sneak attack. 
Just now, thanks to Gobu Kuang’s Royal Domain, which boosted the Ruinous Howl skill, Lin Tian had managed to propel himself away using the recoil. 
Otherwise, he’d have ended up like Gegard—reduced to ash. 
“That kid… How is he still alive?” The One-Eyed Owl was stunned but also frustrated. “Flying that high, there’s no way I can reach her…” 
At that moment, Little Black and Spark leapt through the air, flashing swiftly! 
They aimed their breath attacks at Javier, hoping to restrain her movements. 
“Holy Light Protection!” 
Javier didn’t even bother dodging. Two cross-shaped shields formed on either side of her, blocking the attacks. 
Her Holy Light resistance made her nearly immune to such attacks. 
Though Little Black’s breath had fire elemental properties, because of his mixed bloodline, it was more of a hybrid element. 
Now, it was backfiring. 
If it weren’t for his mixed blood, the pure elemental flames might have posed some threat to Javier. However, she continued to lock her gaze on Lin Tian, raising her longsword, “World-Class Magic: Judgment Execution!” 
“Boom!” 
Another blast fired toward him! 
Immediately after, she tilted her head slightly, dodging the returning Spear of Zeus with ease. 
Lin Tian could hardly believe it—how was she dodging this effortlessly? He had clearly timed his attack to catch her during the skill’s casting delay! 
Yet, he still couldn’t land a hit! 
It was proving to be much more difficult than he had anticipated. 
But if he could just take down this angel, he’d be one step closer to his evolution! 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 234: Archangel Gabriel 
TL: Sungmin  
Facing the attack, Lin Tian used the enhanced version of Ruinous Howl again to dodge. 
However, after using it twice in a row, his throat started to feel a bit uncomfortable. 
But Javier seemed completely unaffected, with no sign of her power diminishing.  
“World-class Magic · Judgment Execution!” 
Swish! 
In an instant, another intense beam of light shot out! 
Lin Tian was almost dumbfounded. “Does this guy have endless power? She used world-class magic three times in a row?” 
For most people, using it twice would be the limit. 
But there was no time to dwell on that. 
Lin Tian could only keep using the enhanced Ruinous Howl to dodge the attacks. 
He had initially hoped others would distract Javier while he found an opportunity to strike. Instead, he found himself completely suppressed. 
“Hmph, surprised, goblin? You have God’s Blessing, but we angels have God’s Blessing too! The more monsters there are, the more magic we have! Just accept your judgment!” 
Javier was incredibly proud, and the holy cross sword in her hand continued to emit a blinding light! 
Using world-class magic as if it cost her nothing, she unleashed another one! 
The ground was now full of deep craters, forming seven or eight bottomless pits! 
Lin Tian’s throat was practically raw. “Damn, next time I have to exchange for a proper movement skill!” 
Using Ruinous Howl as a movement skill was rather forced since it was mainly a control skill by nature. 
Fortunately, Javier was also showing signs of strain. “A goblin can actually use such a strange and powerful movement skill? Fine, I’ll judge you personally!” 
With a sudden flap of her pure white wings, Javier shot toward Lin Tian like a supersonic missile! 
Brandishing the holy cross sword, her eyes were cold, and the killing intent and hatred pouring out of her made one’s heart race with fear! 
Lin Tian’s expression shifted slightly, but a small smirk appeared on his lips. “Foolish angel, you’ve lost your advantage in the air. You should be more careful now.” 
“What?” 
Javier’s face was filled with confusion, and suddenly, a sense of danger tightened in her chest! 
Behind her, a surge of intense killing intent came rushing toward her like a fierce tiger! 
She hurriedly halted and turned to check. 
As soon as he turned, he saw One-Eyed Owl’s fist, burning with a red aura, smashing toward her! 
Boom! 
The fist collided with the holy cross sword! 
Sparks flew everywhere! 
Javier only retreated a short distance and hovered in midair without landing. “Another fallen one? I will try to save you, but before that, please fall!” 
“You think you can make me fall? Hmph, you can try!”  
One-Eyed Owl rubbed her wrist, provoking her. 
The two charged straight toward each other! 
Thanks to Lin Tian’s suggestion, One-Eyed Owl used gauntlets as her weapon, which allowed her to go head-to-head with Javier. 
Otherwise, she would have long been sliced into pieces by the holy cross sword. 
But after only a few moves, the gap in their strength became apparent. 
Sweat started to form on One-Eyed Owl’s forehead. She quickly shouted, “Kid! Hurry up! Every attack feels like I’m wrestling with a thousand-ton raging beast!” 
Every time she blocked, she could clearly feel her bones creaking in protest! 
Javier’s strength was overwhelming! 
And her speed was even more terrifying. She was already injured. 
“We angels, before taking our positions, were the powerful and righteous souls of this land! Elizabeth Tilly, I can sense that you’re not truly evil. There’s still time to turn back!” 
Javier tried to persuade her, her golden eyes shining brilliantly! 
One-Eyed Owl sneered disdainfully. “You want me to turn back just because you said so? That puts me in a difficult position!” 
As she spoke, she charged up a punch, and the sound of roaring dragons and tigers echoed! 
She forcibly knocked Javier back dozens of meters. 
“It seems I’ll have to use my full power against you…” 
Just as Javier was speaking, she sensed something and quickly dodged to the side, but it was too late. 
A small piece of her holy armor had been cut off by a Void Dagger. 
It was none other than the long-hidden Gobu Tian. 
“Evil and despicable monster!” 
With just one kick, Javier sent Gobu Tian flying hundreds of meters away, crashing into and shattering a stone mountain! 
Everyone else’s attacks were effortlessly blocked by the cross-shaped shield revolving around Javier. 
She didn’t care at all. 
Immediately, she rushed toward One-Eyed Owl. “Fallen one, fall!” 
She raised his holy cross sword high and drew a crescent arc in the air! 
It was about to come crashing down! 
One-Eyed Owl’s mouth twitched. “Hey, hey, you’re serious about this, Angel Lady!” 
She was about to give up resisting. 
At that moment, a familiar figure appeared. The Crocodile Demon King seized the moment when Javier was charging up, opening its enormous jaws and biting down! 
Its mouth was so wide that it swallowed Javier whole. 
“Did… did it work?” 
In the distance, Sara asked excitedly, her face full of hope. 
Everyone stared intently at the Crocodile Demon King. 
One second, two seconds, three seconds… 
Time passed slowly, and everything seemed to calm down. 
…. 
In the Heavens. 
The Holy City, Holy Square. 
Numerous pure white figures soared through the sky, and dozens of angels slowly descended. 
Among the group of angels, one stood out, cloaked in a red mantle. Her pure white wings were several times larger than those of ordinary angels. 
They could easily wrap around her entire body. 
Each feather shimmered with a faint golden light, creating a stunning spectacle! 
Beneath her main wings were four pairs of smaller wings. 
She was none other than the twelve-winged seraph, Gabriel! 
Her face, sacred and solemn, radiated authority. A single glance at her felt like a sin. 
“Your Grace, Archangel, you’re here. Javier… she’s already gone to the lower world, what should we do?”  
Loxie nervously asked as she rushed to greet her. 
Gabriel slowly sat down, and a grand, golden throne immediately materialized beneath her. 
She rested her slender, snow-white hand on her head, crossing her legs casually, allowing the luxurious scenery beneath her skirt to flicker in and out of view. 
After all, it was only female angels watching, so there was no harm in it. 
Gabriel spoke indifferently, “Javier, huh? That child is too impatient, but no matter. She is already an archangel, defeating those monsters shouldn’t be a problem.” 
“But, but…” 
Loxie was still filled with worry. 
Suddenly, Gabriel waved her hand gently, and a massive screen—dozens of meters wide—appeared in the sky above the square! 
On the screen was the scene of Javier in battle. 
Inside the Crocodile Demon King. 
Javier suddenly gathered her strength and swung her sword, slicing the entire Crocodile Demon King into pieces! 
The blade’s light formed elegant curves that lingered in the air long after the strike. 
In stark contrast to the exploding chunks of the Crocodile Demon King’s body! 
Everyone was stunned by the sight! 
Even Lin Tian couldn’t believe it. “The angels’ holy-type attacks are this effective against monsters? The gods are way too unfair!” 
A Demon King-level creature was like fruits and vegetables being sliced and diced in front of her. 
“This… this!” 
Sara was in despair. She had still hoped to resist, but now she understood how vast the gap truly was. 
Javier’s gaze locked onto One-Eyed Owl amidst the flying flesh and blood. 
Without a word, she instantly vanished from her spot! 
In the air, she gathered power again! 
Another crescent-shaped slash came crashing down! 
Dust billowed into the sky! 
The remnants of the insect monster on the ground had long since been scattered by the force of the previous battle. 
The earth roared, and when the dust finally settled… 
Javier stood there like a monarch descending upon the battlefield, with One-Eyed Owl lying unconscious on the ground beside her. 
In the heavens. 
The numerous angels in the Holy Square watched this scene with solemn expressions. 
Loxie, on the other hand, was ecstatic. “Ha, Javier is this strong? This is wonderful!” 
“Loxie, it’s not that Javier is strong, but that we angels are strong. We are natural nemeses of monsters,” Gabriel remarked nonchalantly. 
She showed no real interest in Javier’s fight. 
Loxie clasped her hands, deeply moved. “It seems that Javier made the right choice. Was I too cowardly and weak…?” 
At that moment. 
Seeing One-Eyed Owl down, Lin Tian seized his chance! 
This was the moment he had been waiting for. 
Using so much energy at once would definitely require a breather! 
“Anubis’ Soul Drain!” 
Swish! 
The phantom of Anubis appeared, aiming directly at Javier to harvest her soul! 
Javier looked incredulous. “How is this possible? This isn’t a monster skill?!” 
This meant she had no resistance to it! 
In an instant, Javier fell unconscious, her eyes rolling back as if she had lost consciousness. 
Lin Tian wasted no time celebrating and immediately hurled the Spear of Zeus! 
His target was the weak spot Gobu Tian had found earlier, the area not protected by her holy armor! 
However, to everyone’s surprise, Javier’s Holy Light Protection was a passive skill! 
Similar to Life Armor, it had an automatic defensive awareness. 
A cross-shaped holy shield appeared before her, and the Spear of Zeus embedded itself in it, just one centimeter away from piercing her flesh. 
“Unbelievable. A goblin that’s grown this powerful… I almost got hurt.”  
Javier woke up within seconds, astonished. 
Lin Tian’s forehead was drenched in cold sweat. 
That was his enhanced skill, yet it had only managed to control her for one second? 
Angels really were overpowered! 
Was this the so-called divine retribution? 
So far, though, she hadn’t used her truly overpowered abilities. 
Whether gods or demigods, they all had a signature skill. For example, Joan of Arc had her Divine Domain. 
It could suppress opponents and allow her to perform miracles within it. 
She wouldn’t die unless fatally wounded. 
Angels, on the other hand, shared a unique divine skill, Ultimate Judgment. 
Given the current situation, Lin Tian knew he wasn’t a match for Javier. “Everyone, we should retreat!” 
Based on their earlier conversation and the fact that One-Eyed Owl wasn’t dead, it seemed Javier wouldn’t kill her. 
So retreating wouldn’t hurt anything. 
“This guy… really is a bit of a monster.” 
Osius and the others wore grim expressions, fully aware that they weren’t a match for her. 
Long-range attacks weren’t their specialty, and they could barely help with distractions. 
Little Black and Spark didn’t dare get too close, fearing they’d be killed instantly. 
Alice was still in a daze nearby. 
Lin Tian decided it was best to retreat for now. With the help of the system, the next time would be the moment to take her down. 
Gobu Yue had already packed up. “Let’s go, Boss. You can’t win every time, especially when it’s our first fight against an angel.” 
“Yeah!” Lin Tian nodded. 
“Lin Tian, are you feeling what it’s like to have someone steal your victory? Not a pleasant feeling, is it?” 
A familiar voice echoed from afar. 
Veronica slowly approached, holding her staff, her Scarlett eyes glowing like eerie ghostly flames! 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 235: Ultimate Judgment, Infinite Divine Power 
TL: Sungmin  
Javier immediately became alert. “This aura… it’s extremely ominous.” 
Even angels were extremely wary of heresy. 
Veronica kept walking, and her magic was already unleashed! 
Five colossal magic circles unfolded slowly in the sky, their eerie glows dazzling to the eyes! 
A mass of black demonic energy descended from above! 
It was none other than the heretical creature previously summoned—Night Demon! 
Combat power: 17,000. 
However, Veronica was now fully capable of controlling the Night Demon. 
The sky and earth instantly turned black! 
The Night Demon’s chilling, haunting cries echoed like a death knell, filling the air without end! 
The overwhelming pressure even made Javier wary, “It’s you?! The one who defeated Douglas’ creature?” 
“I didn’t expect angels to remember that incident. Are they really that petty?” Veronica teased. 
Lin Tian’s lips curled slightly. “You’ve grown this much already?” 
From his status screen, Lin Tian could see that Veronica’s combat power had reached over 17,000. 
She was fully capable of controlling the Night Demon. 
Veronica chuckled softly. “Ever since I started living the life I wanted, my strength grew rapidly. Maybe… I’ve awakened.” 
“Stop spouting nonsense. Be careful of this one—it’s overwhelmingly strong!” Lin Tian suddenly became serious. 
He had underestimated the strength of demigods after dealing with Joan of Arc so easily. 
Now, he finally understood the danger. 
At that moment, the Night Demon let out a spine-chilling howl! The sound waves rushed toward Javier in an instant. 
Once surrounded by the sound waves, she would lose all vision! 
Javier’s heart tightened. “Damn heretical creature!” 
She looked around, panicked, as her sword hand began to sweat. 
She couldn’t see anything. She couldn’t feel anything! 
Which meant she was going to get hit! 
Suddenly— 
Ghostly tendrils shot out from the Night Demon’s body, slamming down hard on Javier! 
Fortunately, her Holy Light Protection was a passive skill. 
It blocked the tentacle attacks. 
The repelled tendrils crashed to the ground, shaking the earth with thunderous booms! 
Veronica called out urgently, “That’s the best the Night Demon can do! She can’t see anything right now, Lin Tian, it’s your turn!” 
“Hmph, you don’t need to remind me.” 
Lin Tian pulled out the Spear of Zeus once more. 
This time, instead of throwing it from afar, he charged directly at Javier! 
He thrust it fiercely at her armor! 
Clang! 
Sparks flew! 
The cross-shaped holy shield blocked the blow again. 
Lin Tian had anticipated this, pushing the spear deeper with all his might! 
It pierced through the armor, stabbing into her tender flesh! 
“Ah…” 
Javier let out a soft grunt, though the wound wasn’t severe. “Wretched, vile creature, die!” 
She frantically swung her sword, forcing Lin Tian to retreat. 
“What? Is that all you’ve got? How did I ever lose to someone like you?” Veronica mocked. 
Just a light stab, barely a flesh wound. 
Such a great opportunity had been wasted. 
The Night Demon’s howl could only last a minute—after that, it’d all be over. 
Lin Tian smirked arrogantly. “You’ve barely been out here for a minute, and you’re already looking down on me? Watch carefully!” 
The cross-shaped holy shield that had been blocking the Night Demon’s tentacle attacks began to dim and weaken. 
“Crack!” 
A sharp sound echoed! 
The holy shield shattered, and the tentacles slammed down hard on Javier, sending her flying several hundred meters away! 
She carved a long trench into the ground as she slid! 
The Night Demon pursued relentlessly. 
With several more slams, feathers burst and scattered from the dust-filled air! 
“Whoosh!” 
Javier barely recovered in time, flying into the air. But she was already badly injured, blood dripping from her mouth. Her face was filled with shock. “Goblin! What did you do to me? My power… it’s being corrupted!” 
Before her, the edges of the holy shield she had summoned were blackened and corroding. 
It flickered weakly, unstable. 
“Is that all? The real show’s about to start!” 
At Lin Tian’s command, all the monsters launched a fierce assault! 
Gobu Kuang, Little Black, the dwarves’ magical devices, and the other demi-human monsters! 
All of them could now deal damage to her. 
Her resistance had been lowered by Blood of Ruin, and her holy-type defenses weakened significantly. 
Although she could still kill the monsters in one blow, she was now taking real damage in return. 
Gobu Kuang fired four beams of light, while Gobu Tian darted around behind her, forcing Javier to split her attention. 
Gobu Shan launched his Evil Bones from a distance. 
The dwarves’ magic devices launched relentless attacks. 
Little Black and Spark kept up their long-range harassment. 
Neither the composite flame nor the flames of annihilation dared to be treated lightly anymore, forcing Javier to either dodge or deflect them. 
Very soon, she was covered in wounds! 
And her strength was nearly exhausted! 
“Hahaha! Are we really about to slay a god?!” 
“An angel will fall at our hands!” 
“We will be the first to defeat an angel on this continent! We will become legends!” 
The excited monsters shouted. 
… 
Meanwhile, in Heaven— 
Watching the scene unfold, Loxie began to panic. “How can this be happening? Javier was fine just a moment ago, but ever since that goblin stabbed her, why has her strength weakened so much?!” 
She wasn’t the only one. 
The other angels also looked confused and worried. 
Even Gabriel was intrigued. “That goblin is extraordinary… but don’t worry, Javier’s true power hasn’t been unleashed yet.” 
… 
Back on the Barren Rock Wasteland— 
Lin Tian examined Javier’s status screen closely. 
Especially her first skill: “Ultimate Judgment: Unleashes divine power, fully transforming into a four-winged archangel, releasing unprecedented holy strength for a limited time to purge all evil!” 
At that moment— 
Javier lay on the ground, her body covered in scars. 
The group didn’t continue attacking her. Instead, they turned to Lin Tian, asking, “Boss, what do you want to do? Should we capture her and vent our anger properly?” 
“Everyone, get away from her!!!” 
After reading the skill description, Lin Tian immediately shouted! 
But it was too late. 
Javier, with her eyes closed and her weakened body, slowly began to float. Beneath her main wings, a pair of smaller wings suddenly radiated a blinding holy light! 
Her entire form turned into a glowing mass, making it impossible to see her clearly! 
The intense light stung everyone’s eyes. 
“Whoosh!” 
The sound of wings beating echoed through the air! 
Feathers scattered everywhere, and for a moment, time itself seemed to stop. 
Javier hovered in the air, her two pairs of enormous wings glowing brilliantly. Her holy and powerful aura filled the entire sky! 
She had forcibly dispelled the Night Demon’s dark buff, bringing light back to the land, reviving everything! 
“You vile, filthy, fallen, sinful, evil creatures—I shall execute you in the name of justice!!!” 
Javier slowly opened her eyes, and golden light burst forth! 
Her voice was ethereal and deep, resonating through the space, lingering for what felt like eternity! 
At that moment, she appeared as though she ruled this entire domain! 
The most provoked one was the Night Demon, which let out another horrific, chilling howl, and swung its seven or eight tendrils toward her, slamming down fiercely! 
“Swish!” 
A golden slash appeared in the air, as if it tore through space itself! 
The Night Demon, along with the slash, was cleaved in two! 
“What?! The Night Demon… the Night Demon was killed in one strike? How is this possible?!” Veronica exclaimed in shock. 
Panic and unease surged wildly inside her, nearly driving her to the brink of collapse! 
She continued, “How… how did the divine power inside her suddenly become this strong?!” 
It felt as if they were witnessing the descent of a true god! 
The overwhelming power of a being from a higher dimension! 
In that moment, the other monsters fell to their knees, wailing in agony, almost crushed to death by the divine aura! 
Even Gobu Kuang and the others, who possessed the Hero’s Power, couldn’t withstand it! 
They immediately lost their fighting strength. 
Kneeling on the ground, their bodies were wracked with chills! 
It was as if they were condemned criminals facing their final judgment, helpless and filled with despair! 
Lin Tian himself hadn’t expected that the activation of a demigod’s skill would result in such overwhelming power! 
Javier’s combat strength had soared from 17,000 to 20,000! 
It was the first time he had seen such a value! 
The key issue was that even Blood of Ruin couldn’t suppress the outpouring divine power! 
It was too concentrated, too overpowering! 
It would take at least a full vial of Blood of Ruin to suppress it—there wasn’t nearly enough on the Spear of Zeus. 
But now, thinking of fighting was pure madness! 
Lin Tian quickly ordered, “Retreat! Everyone, retreat if you can!” 
Upon hearing this— 
Javier’s eyes filled with disdain. “You think you can escape? Under my Judgment Sword, all evil must die! World-Class Magic: Judgment Court!!!” 
“Humm!” 
Suddenly, everyone felt as if they had been pulled into an ancient Roman execution ground! 
The scent of death permeated the air, spreading relentlessly! 
Faced with such a hopeless scene, Lin Tian remained calm. After all, he could always revive—but he wasn’t pleased. 
“I’ll come back, and when I do, I’ll crush you like the garbage you are! Remember that!” Lin Tian coldly glared at Javier, his tone filled with contempt. 
Seeing this, Javier was somewhat surprised. “No matter how powerful the monster, under the Ultimate Judgment, they should be trembling and kneeling in fear. But you, a mere goblin, are still so calm?” 
As she looked at Lin Tian, it didn’t feel like she was conversing with a lowly monster. 
It felt as though she was speaking to a being of the same level! 
Javier raised her sword high, preparing to execute her final judgment, “Come back as many times as you like. I’ll just judge and execute you again, no matter how many times!” 
“Wait! Your Highness the Angel!” Suddenly, Alice, who had been silent this whole time, spoke up. 
Javier paused, slightly taken aback. “The fallen saintess… come forth, and I will grant you redemption.” 
In this moment, she appeared like a loving, benevolent god, guiding the lost to salvation. 
Alice slowly walked toward her. 
Javier was very pleased. “Good. You will certainly find redemption, but first, let me execute these evil creatures one by one!” 
As she spoke, she raised her sword again, ready to finish off Lin Tian. 
The next second! 
Divine feathers scattered! 
Javier’s entire being dimmed. She staggered backward a few steps, her face full of disbelief. 
With shock, she uttered three words: “Why?” 
In her abdomen, a long sword was now embedded—the Ominous Blade. 
Darkspawn energy pulsed through the blade. 
Only by releasing a portion of the Darkspawn’s power could Alice have pierced Javier’s defenses. Otherwise, in her current state, Alice wouldn’t have stood a chance. 
“Why are you helping an evil creature? Why are you so stubborn? Were the scriptures you heard in the church all lies?” Javier asked in utter confusion. The pain and the draining of her strength were driving her toward an emotional breakdown. 
Alice closed her eyes and clenched her teeth. “Please… don’t wake me from this beautiful dream!” 
“Beautiful dream? You… you’re beyond saving!” Javier snarled, her expression twisted with rage. 
Alice didn’t respond. She simply pulled the Ominous Blade from Javier’s body, watching as golden blood slowly flowed from the wound. 
In truth, Alice had known for some time that Lin Tian wasn’t some divine messenger. 
But ever since the incident at the royal city, she had grown to despise humans deep in her heart. 
And there was no going back. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 236: The Wrath of the Twelve-Winged Seraph! 
TL: Sungmin  
“Foul fallen one! I will be the one to judge you first!” 
Javier, looking at Alice’s resolute expression, raised the Holy Cross Sword, intending to execute her. 
There was no redemption for her, so this was the only way. 
Even though she was gravely injured, the powerful surge of divine energy erupted from Javier like a vast ocean, overwhelming and untouchable. 
Alice slowly closed her eyes, unexpectedly calm. 
After all, she had already died back in the royal city. 
“Keheheh… Angels are the filthiest creatures in the world! Their blood is enough to make anyone sick!” 
Suddenly. 
A sinister voice echoed from within the Ominous Blade! 
A burst of crimson aura exploded forth, forcibly suppressing Javier’s divine power! 
Combined with the effect of the Blood of Ruin. 
Javier finally fell to one knee, clutching the wound on her abdomen, her face filled with shock and panic. 
“Darkspawn…?! I-I can’t believe there are still Darkspawn in this world! No… I can’t fall here…”  
She attempted to flap her wings, trying to take flight and continue the fight. 
“Smack!” 
A heavy force suddenly hit her from behind, knocking her down. 
Lin Tian stomped firmly on Javier’s pure white wings, feathers flying everywhere, and coldly sneered, “Your feathers seem to be shedding quite a bit, angel.” 
Javier’s heart skipped a beat, terror rising as she tried to stand up. 
But the more she struggled, the harder Lin Tian pressed down with his foot, pinning her firmly to the ground. 
“Goblin! What are you doing?! Let me go! I’m an angel, a protector of the Holy Kingdom, a guardian of Eden!” 
Javier struggled to speak, trying to summon her divine power, but she could no longer muster any strength. 
Her energy had reached its limit. 
Any further, and death might come for her. 
Lin Tian chuckled darkly, “What am I doing? Oh, dear angel, I just love pure and holy things like you. Don’t you think I’m a good candidate for greatness?” 
“You… you shameless wretch!”  
A sudden realization struck Javier, and her body shuddered. 
Lin Tian laughed heartily, then turned his gaze toward Alice. “Princess Alice, you…” 
“There’s nothing more to say,” Alice interrupted calmly. “If being deemed ‘evil’ defines me, then I must say, evil isn’t so bad after all.” 
With that, she walked toward Gobu Yue and the others. 
Meanwhile, on the ground, Javier frantically cursed, “Let me go, wicked goblin! Justice will see you executed! Committing more sins will only make your death more painful!” 
“Painful? Hahaha, angel sister, do you see the smile on my face? Where’s the pain in that? Justice has you under my feet, and evil keeps me grinning from ear to ear~” Lin Tian taunted. 
He then slowly bent down, bringing his face close to Javier’s fair, fragrant cheek. 
Sticking out his crimson tongue, he tasted the angel’s skin for himself. 
The slimy sensation made Javier nearly break down, “Stop! Goblin! You can’t! You mustn’t do this anymore!” 
At that moment. 
Gobu Tian and the others sighed in relief and teased, “Hey, angel sister, I’ve got some bad news for you. The more you resist, the more excited we get~” 
Javier froze in disbelief. 
But if she didn’t resist, wouldn’t she be considered a fallen one? 
Better to die outright than lose the right to call herself an angel. 
Yet if she fought back, it would only encourage the goblins to continue. 
“What should I do? Oh Lord, guide me!”  
In her inner turmoil, Javier fearfully began to pray. 
… 
In Heaven, at the Sacred Square. 
Watching the scene unfold on the magic screen, every angel trembled with uncontrollable rage! 
“Goblins!!!” 
“How can this be? Those vile, wicked goblins dare to defile our angels?!” 
“I will personally see that sinful goblin judged! I will do it with my own hands!” 
“To touch the pure and sacred body of an angel… it’s absolutely unforgivable!” 
The most worried, however, was Loxie. 
Panicking, she pleaded, “This is terrible! There’s even a Darkspawn involved. Archangel, please, you have to do something to save Javier!” 
Yet Gabriel’s face was clouded with shadowy gloom, remaining silent. 
This situation had been beyond her predictions. 
But with her high status, she had learned to accept the harsh reality of defeat. 
Trying to console the others, she finally spoke, “Defeat is nothing uncommon in this brutal world. Javier sacrificed herself for justice. We will remember her forever…” 
… 
“Vile goblin! Didn’t I tell you to stop? Stop coming near my face!”  
Javier snarled with pure disgust, flapping her wings desperately, but to no avail. 
Instead, her sacred white feathers fluttered down, creating a striking image of holiness mingled with sin. 
A scene filled with stark contrast, almost painfully ironic. 
Lin Tian pressed down even harder on the weakening Javier, “Now, angel, it’s my turn to judge you…” 
“Riiiip!” 
The sound of fabric tearing suddenly filled the air! 
Harsh and Despairing! 
Javier felt the chilling breeze brush against her exposed skin, and her body seemed to turn to stone. 
Then, with a surge of pent-up fury, she screamed out in desperation, “Goblin, get away from me, leave me alone!” 
If she didn’t resist, she would disgrace the name of an angel. 
She used all her strength to clutch at the dirt in front of her, attempting to crawl forward. 
This scene made the watching angels clench their delicate fists in frustration, their hatred growing. 
“Don’t move, or your wounds will tear open. Let me help you settle down first~,” Lin Tian sneered as he looked at her sacred, untouchable figure, his heart pounding. 
For the first time, he felt what it truly meant to defile the divine! 
That sense of sinfulness surged through him like a flood, overwhelming his entire being! 
It was enough to make his mind lose focus! 
Javier, still trying to crawl forward, was suddenly struck by a searing pain, as if her body had torn apart! Her entire being went rigid, her pupils trembling violently! 
Her vision blurred, and in the next moment, she passed out. 
Witnessing this, Gobu Kuang couldn’t help but feel a bit envious. “The boss might be the first person on the continent to reduce an angel to a mere plaything!” 
“Damn, getting to witness this is more than enough!” 
Osius and Grugia had been staring unblinkingly for ten whole minutes, their eyes glued to the scene before them, afraid they’d miss anything. 
The other demi-human monsters trembled with excitement. 
“I’m so jealous! If I could just have an angel for myself… I’d die happy!!!” 
“Don’t be silly! Just seeing such a sacred scene already puts us ahead of 99% of the creatures on this continent!” 
“Your Majesty, will we get a turn afterward?!” the demi-human monsters asked excitedly. 
Sara, watching all this, could barely contain her excitement. “Even an angel has fallen to His Majesty… this will surely become a legend! My god! Such glory!” 
The mere thought of it was making her so excited she could barely keep herself together. 
Her obsessive pursuit of glory had turned her into Lin Tian’s most devoted admirer. 
At that moment. 
Lin Tian was completely lost in the angelic embrace of Javier, unable to extricate himself. 
He couldn’t hear what anyone else was saying. 
Gobu Kuang, standing nearby, remarked, “That probably won’t be possible. Angels are like divine beings, right? Our boss is going to devour her to complete his evolution.” 
“What?!”  
This statement shocked the demi-human monsters into silence. 
They dared not speak another word. 
Their gazes all turned toward the Zerg Queen in the distance, “She’ll do just fine!” 
The Zerg Queen, on the verge of fainting from shock, muttered to herself, “How can this be? Even a god… if only I had cooperated with the goblins earlier, I wouldn’t be in this position now!” 
Before she could finish speaking, the demi-human monsters rushed over, covering her mouth and swallowing her words amid the crowd. 
… 
Meanwhile, in the Holy Square of Heaven. 
Every angel’s heart bled. 
“Where is the Lord?! Quickly, open the gates of Heaven! I must personally execute that goblin!” 
“Goblin! I won’t let you escape!” 
“The year will pass quickly. Everyone, when the time comes, we will descend and judge all monsters!” 
“A great cleansing! Every evil, sinful, despicable creature must be judged!!!” 
The situation had driven the angels to the brink of madness. 
Loxie, staring at the screen, covered her mouth and began to cry, retreating several steps in horror. 
She couldn’t believe it—Javier had been defiled by a goblin! 
“How… how could this happen? Archangel, please, please save Javier!” Loxie pleaded through her tears. 
However, Gabriel, seated on the Sacred Throne, only paused momentarily. Her face was dark with hatred and fury, a terrifying anger that suffocated everyone around her. 
Sensing her state, the other angels fell silent. 
“We are merely the guardians of Eden. The Lord is distant, and only He can open the gates of Heaven. 
“Next year, we will descend together for a great cleansing! And I will personally bring that goblin to trial and execution!” 
As she spoke, Gabriel’s twelve massive wings unfolded with a sudden flourish! 
The entire sky was engulfed in crimson fury! 
Even the clouds turned blood-red! 
The rage even reached down into the mortal realm! 
Lin Tian, still reveling in the pleasure of his conquest, was abruptly pulled back by the sight of the sky turning crimson. He simply smiled, “The wrath of the Archangel? I may have suffered a bit this time, but next time, you won’t have it so easy…” 
With that, he lifted the snow-white, sacred form of Javier. 
“You…”  
Javier barely managed to utter a word, fully aware that her death was imminent. 
Lin Tian, still lost in the lingering pleasure of the moment, found it hard to regain his composure. 
He was reluctant to devour this angel so soon. 
Otherwise, it would be another year before he could experience such a thrill again. 
However, he feared that Javier might recover her strength. 
To be safe, he decided to devour her. 
But before that, he thought, there might be something better to fuse with than her spirit. 
The spirit of a god—though Javier was female, it wouldn’t affect its function. 
“Abnormal Fusion…” 
Lin Tian felt an overwhelming surge of power coursing through his body, filling every inch of him. 
Suddenly, a thought crossed his mind, “Even if it might not be useful, I should at least give it a try.” 
He hadn’t yet used Lucky Steal. 
Due to his recent, uh, overexertion, his memory had become foggy, and he had forgotten about the skill. (For the record, it’s the character’s memory that’s failing—not the author’s! Don’t you dare slander me!) 
“Congratulations to the host for acquiring the skill: Judgment Execution!” 
Hearing the system’s notification, Lin Tian was momentarily stunned. 
Could he actually steal skills? 
While goblins could devour abilities, this usually only applied to innate ones. Most powerful skills had to be learned through training. 
Looking at this world-class skill, how could he not be excited? 
Lin Tian was truly thankful for fusing with the spirit—his memory had improved, or else he might’ve missed out on this divine skill. 
This was his first-ever world-class ability. 
“Well then, goodbye, dear angel…” 
With that, he opened his gaping maw… 
“Hiss! Such a shame!”  
The crowd sighed in unison as they watched Javier get completely devoured, leaving nothing behind except a golden, bloodstained feather clinging to the corner of Lin Tian’s mouth. 
“Congratulations, host! Attributes increased: Health +2000, Strength +770, Defense +780! 
Evolution progress: 3/10!” 
Seeing how much his stats had increased in one go, Lin Tian smiled with satisfaction. 
His combat power had skyrocketed to 17,000! He could now easily obliterate an ordinary Demon King in an instant. 
And with just seven more demigods, he would be able to evolve again. 
What would happen after that was beyond imagination. 
He had thought this goal was far off, but now he realized that by next year, he could capture the angels and finish the task in one go. 
A year—it was neither too long nor too short. 
“Clear the battlefield and imprison the Zerg Queen. We’ll set up camp in the Zerg Empire for a while,” Lin Tian ordered. 
There were piles of corpses everywhere, a mountain of them, and each one was a treasure trove of experience. 
To not devour them would be an absolute waste. 
It was also the perfect opportunity for the Zerg Queen to birth a new brood of hybrid goblins, allowing them to feast on these experience packs. 
He would build a terrifyingly strong army. 
Though he intended to focus on developing the high-level combat forces, lacking soldiers for now made him feel a bit insecure. 
Without an army, they would always remain just a group, never truly an empire. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 237: Target, the Demon King of the Uninhabited Zone 
TL: Sungmin  
At that moment, the Ant Queen was still in shock, completely unable to believe that even angels had been defeated by a Goblin! 
Just like Sara, she was utterly convinced. 
She had become a mindless fan of Lin Tian. 
“If even an angel was taken by His Goblin Majesty… and if I was taken by His Goblin Majesty… does that make me equivalent to an angel?!” 
She pondered. 
On the enormous fleshy mass of the Ant Queen, eggs poured out like a flowing river! 
All of them were hybrid soldier ants. 
Or rather, hybrid goblins. 
Their overall appearance was much closer to that of goblins. 
They had humanoid bodies, green exoskeletons, mouths full of sharp teeth, and crimson eyes. 
Within the Zerg Empire… 
After Lin Tian took a moment to rest, he headed toward the ant colony’s underground palace. 
Upon seeing him, the Ant Queen immediately detached herself from the fleshy mass and pounced toward him. “Your Goblin Majesty, I saw everything earlier! Please, please allow me to bear your offspring once more! I want to give birth to even more goblins for you!” 
“Uh, doesn’t your ant race produce offspring for life after just one instance?” Lin Tian asked. 
The Ant Queen paused for a moment, “Well, no, not really. The hybrid goblins are so powerful that I can only lay about ten million at a time, and then I need to…”  
She was obviously lying. 
It was simply the Ant Queen’s personal preference. 
Lin Tian immediately saw through her thoughts, as she was completely enthralled by him. 
He replied, “I’m not in the mood right now. I’m here to ask how many hybrid goblins you can produce at the moment.” 
“My reserves are only at one million, far fewer than the Zerg Queen’s,” the Ant Queen said pitifully. 
Upon hearing this, Lin Tian didn’t think it was too little; one million was just right. 
With hundreds of millions of corpses, it was entirely possible to forge an Overlord-class army with an average combat power of 4,000! 
Sweeping through an army of over a hundred million would be no issue. 
In terms of a low-tier army, it could be said they would have nothing to fear from any empire on the continent! 
He then urged the Ant Queen to begin laying more eggs. 
However, Lin Tian had a concern—although he could control the hybrid goblins, the Ant Queen could control them as well. 
If the Queen Mother were to produce offspring, she would be able to control the goblins, too. 
“Your Majesty, is something bothering you?” asked the Ant Queen, who was becoming more excited with each egg she laid. 
Her face was flushed, and she appeared to be thoroughly enjoying herself. 
Lin Tian suddenly realized that he had almost forgotten something important. Why not just ask the Ant Queen directly? She was part of the Zerg and should know how to resolve the issue. 
He quickly explained the problem to her. 
Upon hearing it, the Ant Queen replied immediately, “That’s simple! We Zerg have a Queen Core inside us. As long as it’s removed, we’re no longer Queens. We lose the ability to control or manage the Zerg we produce. We become purely… production tools.” 
When she mentioned these last two words, the Ant Queen emphasized them with particular enthusiasm. 
For the first time, Lin Tian felt utterly disgusted! 
Though she had submitted to him, there was something indescribably strange about her. 
But as long as the problem was resolved, that was enough. 
In simple terms, the Zerg’s method of controlling their offspring relied on the Queen Core organ. 
In contrast, goblins ruled through a clear genetic hierarchy, where higher-ranking goblins controlled the lower-ranking or weaker ones. 
In theory, this wasn’t as efficient as the Zerg. 
After all, if a subordinate was stronger than the ruler, it could easily lead to rebellion unless they were genuinely loyal. 
The Zerg, however, had control cores. Even if the Ant Queen was weaker than her soldier ants, or even weaker than an average ant, she could still command millions of them or even an entire colony. 
“Alright, you focus on production. When the time comes, we’ll send the hybrids out to devour experience and clean up the battlefield,” Lin Tian said as he left. 
Developing low-tier combat forces was no longer the most important thing. 
He only had one year left. He urgently needed to develop high-tier forces to fight against the angels and break through the Uninhabited Zone. 
Soon after, Lin Tian summoned Gobu Kuang and the others. 
Gobu Jian was also present. 
“Boss, what’s going on?” Gobu Kuang scratched his head as he asked. 
The three of them had been searching the Zerg Empire for female Zerg who hadn’t participated in the battle. 
There were many captivating butterfly-type insects, and their variety was astounding. 
Lin Tian, with a serious expression, said, “Gobu Kuang, you’ve already reached your level cap. Gobu Tian and Gobu Shan, you two go find the strongest corpses to devour and level up as soon as possible.” 
Gobu Tian and Gobu Shan were overjoyed. 
“I’ve been so worried about not being able to help you, Boss! This is great news!” 
“I shouldn’t have wasted time playing around back then! I should have been like Gobu Kuang, always eating and evolving into a Goblin King! I’m sorry, Boss!” 
“Thank you, Boss, for your generosity!” 
The three hurried off to the front lines. 
This time, whether the remains were bitter or disgusting, they would devour them all to reach the level cap as quickly as possible. 
Because Lin Tian ruled their group, they, like Gobu Kuang, were unable to directly evolve into Goblin Kings. 
Unless they chose to betray him, which would allow immediate evolution. 
Currently, Gobu Tian and Gobu Shan’s overall combat strength was only a little over six thousand, far too weak to be of much help. 
On the other hand, Gobu Kuang had the support of four world-class magical artifacts, in addition to being a Goblin King. 
His combat strength had already reached ten thousand. 
A typical Goblin King’s strength was usually around five thousand. 
However, following Lin Tian had allowed Gobu Kuang to significantly raise his potential limit. Combined with magical gear and accumulated battle experience, he had been able to reach ten thousand. 
“Boss, what about me? I still feel weak. All I can do is use the Royal Domain to boost your abilities, but I’m not really useful otherwise…” Gobu Kuang said, sounding pitiful. 
Lin Tian’s lips curled into a slight smile. “Although it’s actually good that you transitioned from a tank to a support role, if you want to keep tanking and dealing damage, I’ll definitely help you.” 
A combat strength of ten thousand wasn’t nearly enough. 
At the very least, it needed to be over fifteen thousand. 
But raising his combat strength by five thousand wouldn’t be easy. 
Lin Tian had only reached seventeen thousand by devouring three demigods and completing mating rituals. 
Not to mention, there were plenty of powerful beings whose nourishment Gobu Kuang and the others hadn’t been fortunate enough to enjoy—like One-Eyed Owl, Alice, and the Flame Dragon Mother. 
“Thank you, Boss!” Gobu Kuang said excitedly, nearly kneeling on the spot. 
Lin Tian quickly stopped him. “Only outsiders kneel before me. You’ve been with me for so long, no need for such formality.” 
“Hahaha, you’re right, Boss. I’m just too excited and too in awe of you…” Gobu Kuang said, slightly embarrassed. 
Seeing his reaction, Lin Tian couldn’t help but smile bitterly. 
The method to improve his combat strength was through ‘Abnormal Fusion.’ 
By fusing with the bodies of other Demon Kings and devouring their skills, raising combat power by several thousand should be achievable. 
However, there were no other wild Demon Kings left in the current wilderness. 
He would have to set his sights on the so-called “impenetrable” Uninhabited Zone beyond. 
“System, initiate Life Simulation.” 
Lin Tian didn’t want to wait for the hybrid goblins to finish devouring the battlefield’s corpses, which would take far too long. 
After all, with billions of bodies, it would take at least ten days to consume them all. 
… 
[Life Simulation System Activated 
Current Scenario: Calm Before the Storm 
With Alice’s help, you defeated the angel and experienced an unprecedented delicacy. 
Your strength increased significantly. 
Next, the Ant Queen laid one million hybrid goblins, which devoured every corpse on the front line battlefield like a tidal wave. 
Due to your genes, once they reached level eighty, they directly evolved into Overlord Goblins. 
It took about ten days. 
Gobu Tian, Gobu Shan, and Gobu Jian all reached level one hundred. 
Unfortunately, none of them were able to evolve into Goblin Kings. 
A massive army of one million Overlord Goblins had emerged. 
You were extremely satisfied, but there was a faint sense of emptiness, as you had become too powerful and had no enemies left to challenge you. 
Ten days had passed. You ordered Katheryn to set up a standard teleportation array in the area, and then led your army back. 
The plan was to establish a base upon your return to the Goblin Empire.] 
… 
Reading this part of the simulation, Lin Tian spoke up, “Stop the simulation and jump to the current progress.” 
“Crossing into the current scenario!” 
“Whoosh!” 
In the next moment, Lin Tian went from sitting in the ruins of the Zerg Empire to being seated on the throne of the Goblin Empire. 
[Summary: None. 
Score: 5 points (out of 100) 
Reward: 5 Life Points. 
Life Simulation completed. Time progress: 17 days.] 
… 
“Boss, Boss?” A familiar voice pulled Lin Tian out of his daydream. 
It was Gobu Tian. 
He then added, “We’re going to check out the Goblin tribes. We heard from the cannibal eagles that a Goblin King has appeared in the Great Tomb.” 
Lin Tian was slightly surprised, “Mm… alright, go ahead. Don’t come back unless you make a stunning impression.” 
“Hahaha, Boss, you’re being too hard on them! With how powerful you are now, how could they possibly amaze you?” Gobu Kuang laughed, teasing. 
The group had no choice but to depart. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 238: Choosing a Concubine in the Capital? 
TL: Sungmin  
The goblins could be set aside for now. 
The focus turned to Alice, One-Eyed Owl, Gobu Yue, Lia, Goblin Slayer, Osius, and Grugia. 
First, Lin Tian called Gobu Yue over. 
[Gobu Yue: Lv100<br/>
Race: Goblin<br/>
Profession: God’s Messenger<br/>
Titles: Female Goblin, Fallen God, Pure Soul, God’s Blessing<br/>
Health: 2800<br/>
Strength: 900<br/>
Defense: 881<br/>
Skills: Gene Devour, Puppet Magic<br/>
Equipment: Tear of God<br/>
Overall: 8,900] 
Lin Tian frowned when he saw her combat power—too weak. 
This was because she was a female goblin. 
Unable to raise her limits through mating, it was already quite remarkable that she had reached this level. 
The Tear of God was a world-class magic tool he had given her earlier. When she sustained fatal damage, it would form a teardrop-shaped shield, which was incredibly durable. 
“Boss, I’ll continue improving my puppet magic. By then, I’ll surely be of more help,” Gobu Yue said, pounding her small head, looking very guilty. 
She had noticed Lin Tian’s furrowed brow. 
Hearing this, Lin Tian’s eyes brightened as a thought occurred to him. He quickly reassured her, “Little Yue, even if you slow me down, I’d never blame you. Besides, in the Barren Rock Wasteland, your contributions were always at the forefront.” 
In the beginning, had he not forcefully taken Gobu Yue, he would never have had the opportunity to grow as strong as he had. 
It was only thanks to Gobu Yue being a docile creature who didn’t know how to resist. 
“Your combat power may be low now, but your unique talents have limitless potential. Here, I’ve collected a ton of world-class magic. Take it and study.” 
Lin Tian took out a large number of ancient, moldy magic books from his spatial ring. 
More than a hundred in total! 
Learning them all was impossible, but even mastering a few could greatly enhance her combat power. 
He had obtained these from the magical kingdoms and the treasure troves of overthrown realms. 
When these spells were originally created, they were designed to prevent monsters from learning them. 
But Gobu Yue was special—she could learn human magic and grasp it very quickly. 
Within a year, her power could rise above 15,000. 
Seeing this, Gobu Yue was pleasantly surprised. “Thank you, Boss!” 
“Thank me for what? Oh, by the way, I’ll tell you a little trick—our goblin-exclusive ability. You can devour flesh to instantly recover mana. If you run out of potions, just make use of what’s around you.” Lin Tian spoke in a seasoned tone. 
It was a technique he’d learned from Goblin Slayer—very practical. 
In fact, many goblins themselves hadn’t realized this technique. 
The stronger the flesh consumed, the more mana would be restored. 
For instance, during the battle in the Queen’s Palace, when he devoured the Zerg King’s corpse, he had saved several pieces of it for later use. 
That was why, in the fight against the angel Javier, he was able to use skills continuously. 
Goblins, by nature, had pathetically small amounts of mana. 
But with this trick, he could significantly boost his combat power beyond the stats on paper. 
Gobu Yue listened intently, fascinated. “So that’s why, Boss! I always wondered why you ate something mid-fight. I thought you were just hungry!” 
Lin Tian pondered for a moment, “Right. I remember Goblin Slayer is a half-human, half-goblin hybrid. I think she can also learn human magic. Take these books and study with her.” 
Goblin Slayer’s combat power was currently low, only around 4,000. She mostly handled internal affairs in the empire with Lia and the others. 
But being a half-human, half-goblin, she too had limitless potential. 
Unlike typical hybrids, she was the first human ever born from a human and a goblin. 
She could also quickly recover strength by devouring flesh and could learn human magic as well. 
The combination of the two made her a force to be reckoned with. 
For a mage, the greatest limitation wasn’t offense or defense, as they had defensive spells too. 
The real limitation was mana. 
There were only so many potions one could carry, and the more you drank, the weaker their effect became. 
But in battle, the one thing that was never lacking was corpses. 
It was like having an endless supply of mana potions—tired? Hungry? Take a bite, and you’re back in top form. 
“Alright, Boss, I’ll go now. I can’t wait to dive into these spells!” Gobu Yue wobbled away excitedly, clutching a stack of magic books piled so high they nearly touched the ceiling. 
… 
“Kid, I hear you’re planning to help me raise my combat power?” 
Inside the Goblin Palace, the One-Eyed Owl crossed her arms, her breasts nearly spilling out of her revealing outfit due to her voluptuous figure. 
Behind her stood Osius and the rest of the Dragon Slayer Guild members. 
Lin Tian straightened up, “Big Sis, what’s the matter? Wanna test me? My strength isn’t what it used to be.” 
Unexpectedly, One-Eyed Owl didn’t get mad this time. 
She provocatively challenged him instead, “Oh really? If you’ve got the guts, don’t leave tonight. Let’s have a real showdown.” 
“Bring it on!” Lin Tian snorted coldly, eager to test the power of his newly transplanted demigod kidney. 
“Brother Tian, Big Sis, stop fooling around. Tell me how we can get stronger!” Osius eagerly interjected. 
After witnessing Javier’s overwhelming strength, they all realized how weak they were. Their desire to grow stronger had never been more intense. 
Lin Tian glanced outside. “Don’t be hasty. We’re still waiting on one more person.” 
An old man with a white beard and a flushed face walked in slowly from outside. “What’s with all the commotion? I was just about to head to the Bunny Bar for a good drink!” 
“Master Bill, you’re finally here,” Lin Tian said. 
After all, when it came to boosting combat power, the help of a dwarf was indispensable. 
At this point, improving one’s own strength was difficult, but upgrading equipment was still a viable option. 
Bill froze for a moment, sobering up as he felt uneasy. “Why are you looking at me like that?” 
“Oh, nothing. Please, have a seat,” Lin Tian replied with a sly grin. With a wave of his hand, he called over Bill’s favorite bunny girl. 
Seeing such a dreamlike scene unfold, Bill grew more uneasy. “Something’s off… This is a setup, isn’t it? Emperor Lin Tian, just tell me what you want from me! This suspense is killing me.” 
Lin Tian laughed heartily. “Master, you’re still as straightforward as ever. I wanted to ask about crafting Sun-Class magical equipment…” 
At the mention of “Sun-Class,” everyone stiffened. 
The rarity of Sun-Class gear was such that owning one could practically make someone a king or conqueror. 
For a Demon King-level creature, having such a weapon could make them as strong as a grand Demon King. 
Even at its weakest, it would add at least 3,000 points to one’s overall combat power! 
However, Bill’s face changed, and he said gravely, “Emperor Lin Tian, I might disappoint you. I can’t forge Sun-Class gear…” 
“How is that possible? Put in some extra effort! You’re the most skilled blacksmith of the dwarves. Didn’t you casually forge my Half-Moon-class Spear of Zeus?” Lin Tian teased. 
Then, with a twinkle in his eye, he added, “If you’re willing to forge a few pieces of Sun-Class equipment for me, I’ll grant you the chance to choose a concubine during the royal selection in the capital! Whoever you fancy will be yours, no limits on race!” 
“Woah!!” Osius, Grugia, and the others shouted in excitement. Their reactions were far more intense than when they heard about the Sun-Class equipment. 
Clearly, for men, the ultimate dream wasn’t just weapons and swords—it was something else entirely. 
Bill’s eyes sparkled, practically glowing, but he hesitated and said, “Sigh… My master was the real expert, able to craft Sun-Class gear. Among his seven apprentices, I was the slowest and the laziest, always drinking… 
Perhaps, if I hadn’t been like that, I’d have died long ago too. 
Over a hundred years ago, my master and his apprentices were invited to a demigod empire to craft magical gear. On the way there, they were intercepted by an alliance and captured. None were ever heard from again…” 
The mood in the hall grew somber. 
One-Eyed Owl spoke solemnly, “Your master? I’ve heard about that incident. Could it be… the one known as Otto, the Living Forge Master?” 
“Yes, that’s him. He was a true pureblood dwarf. After that incident, I returned to my current tribe and narrowly escaped death. Pureblood dwarves were nearly wiped out, hunted down and slaughtered by humans…” 
Bill’s voice was filled with both helplessness and relief. 
Helpless at his lack of skill, yet grateful for his love of alcohol that kept him alive. 
At this point, Lin Tian had to abandon the idea of crafting Sun-Class equipment. 
But then something occurred to him. “Wait, if I give you a Sun-Class piece as a reference, could you forge others from it? If that doesn’t work, I could provide you with top-tier ore to try.” 
Upon hearing this, Bill’s face turned bitter. “Your Majesty, that’s a bit insulting. Sure, I might be Otto’s worst disciple, but I’m still one of the top ten blacksmiths in the world!” 
“Give me a Sun-Class item to study, and top-tier ore for materials, and I can absolutely craft Sun-Class gear!” 
Seeing his confidence, Lin Tian immediately ordered Sara to retrieve the Sun-Class item from the treasure trove of the Troy Empire. 
He then returned to the matter at hand. “Alright then, Master. When the time comes, please help Big Sis craft a set of Sun-Class armor and weapons.” 
One-Eyed Owl’s abilities had nearly reached their peak, so her power would have to be increased through her equipment. 
“No problem. What kind of weapon would you like?” Bill asked. 
Without hesitation, One-Eyed Owl responded, “Gauntlets are best suited for me!” 
But Lin Tian cut her off. “Hold on. While gauntlets do enhance your strength, they don’t fully utilize your true potential. Here, I’ve got a blueprint for you. Follow this design.” 
He handed Bill a blueprint for a brass knuckle style weapon. 
While gauntlets certainly boosted strength, in terms of lethality, they weren’t as effective as brass knuckles. 
Brass knuckles would focus the power into a single, more violent point, making the output even deadlier. 
“Such a strange weapon! But looking at the theory, it definitely seems stronger than gauntlets!” Bill remarked, surprised. 
After all, this was a modern weapon, and no one in this world had invented it yet. 
One-Eyed Owl was thrilled. “You’ve really got something, kid! Is this weapon your own invention?! It’s perfect for me!” 
As she said that, she rushed forward and gave Lin Tian a tight hug. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 239: Journey to the Uninhabited Zone! Searching for the Sword Tomb 
TL: Sungmin  
“And what about us? Brother Tian, I want a Sun-Class weapon too!”   
Osius hurriedly exclaimed, his eyes gleaming with excitement. 
Grugia stammered, “If that’s too much to ask, then at least give us a chance at the royal city’s concubine selection. After all, a Sun-Class weapon is too valuable.”   
“Yes, yes, I agree! I’d be satisfied with just the concubine selection opportunity!”   
The other members of the Dragon Slayer Guild eagerly echoed, their eyes filled with anticipation.   
Lin Tian shot them a glance, “I’m serious right now. As for you guys, focus on leveling up first. The magic crystals in the Yeti Valley are there for the taking—eat until you reach level 100, then learn world-class magic. As for the Sun-Class weapons, we’ll see about that later. We don’t even know if we can scrape together a full set yet.”   
“What?! Those magic crystals taste like piss crystals, they’re disgusting!” Osius complained bitterly, his face full of reluctance.   
The One-Eyed Owl glanced coldly at them, “Not eating? Well, then prepare to eat shit. If you die, you won’t even get a chance to enjoy that royal concubine selection.”   
Her words were like pearls of wisdom. 
The Dragon Slayer Guild members acted as if they had been injected with adrenaline, rushing to boost their levels.   
Humans, unlike goblins, couldn’t level up by devouring corpses—they could only rely on killing enemies.   
This was the case for most powerful species.   
However, magic crystals were like experience fruits, effective for any race.   
Once the group left, Lin Tian summoned Lia.   
“Your Majesty, Gobu Yue already informed me—you want to help us increase our combat power, right?”   
Lia sat gracefully in the grand hall, looking troubled. She continued, “I’m an elf. I can’t learn magic, nor am I skilled in close combat. No matter how strong the equipment is, my abilities will be limited. I’m sorry, but I might end up being a burden.”   
Seeing how considerate everyone was, Lin Tian felt quite comforted. He responded, “Do you have any solutions, then?”   
At this point, Lin Tian didn’t have any good ideas.   
After all, he had only unified the wilderness. He hadn’t become an all-powerful god.   
However, Lia had always been sensible and tactful. If she could help improve their strength, she would undoubtedly try.   
If it truly couldn’t be done, he could simply leave her in charge of managing the empire’s internal affairs. 
“My father was once the chief of a small village in the Elven Kingdom, but he angered the elven nobles, which is why we fled to the wilderness. To improve my combat power, I’d need access to the Elven Kingdom’s exclusive magic and equipment. Unfortunately, the kingdom is far from here, and they wouldn’t share their resources with us…” Lia explained, her eyes full of guilt.   
Lin Tian nodded slightly, “I see. The Elven Kingdom, beyond the Uninhabited Zone… I’ll help you when the time comes.”   
For now, he would leave Lia to manage the empire’s internal affairs.   
Elves were meticulous, skilled at handling delicate matters, and thoughtful in their approach.   
They were perfect for overseeing internal administration. 
“Thank you, but are you really going to cross the Uninhabited Zone? Back then, we paid a hefty sum to hire a ship to escape…”  Lia voiced her concern.   
Lin Tian nodded in acknowledgment, “You’re right, but I’m not crazy. I’m not crossing the Uninhabited Zone just for the sake of it. I need to lead an army across, and for that, we need enough strength.”   
The Uninhabited Zone was like the ultimate version of the Enchanted Forest. 
It was the largest magic-infested area on the continent. 
It was possible to bypass it entirely by flying over.   
However, for an army of millions, tens of millions, or even billions, flying over was not an option.   
Clearing a path through it was the only choice.   
It would also serve as a gateway before they launched an assault on a Demigod Empire. If they could crush the Uninhabited Zone, crushing a Demigod Empire would be no big deal. 
“Alright then, I’ll get back to work.” Lia slowly left.   
As she reached the door, she nodded politely, “Princess Alice…”   
Alice had just arrived.   
She smiled and nodded back at Lia.   
Lin Tian’s expression grew complex. Alice was the last person left. Once her combat strength improved, it would be enough.   
As for the dwarves, their strength relied on inventing new battle machinery.   
Ancient dragons had their limitations.   
They could handle large-scale armies, but they couldn’t be counted as top-tier combat power. 
At most, Little Black and Spark could be considered top-tier combatants.   
They just needed time to grow stronger. 
As for Kassandra and Ifreya, there was no need for further strength enhancement. Their healing magic was sufficient.   
As for Veronica, there was even less need to worry. That woman was more eager than anyone to boost her combat strength.   
She had more methods than Lin Tian himself.   
Rebecca’s love was something Lin Tian couldn’t reciprocate, so he left it up to Veronica to win her back on her own.   
The two continued living quietly in the countryside. 
… 
“Messenger…”   
Alice entered the hall and stood upright, hesitating slightly as she spoke.   
She wasn’t sure if she should continue playing her role. 
Lin Tian waved his hand dismissively. “Forget it, just call me Lin Tian. This whole ‘Messenger’ thing, it’s all fake. I’m just a goblin, an evil monster.” 
He was fortunate that Alice had cooperated with him during their act. Otherwise, it would have been truly awkward. 
“Alright then, Your Majesty Lin Tian…” Alice responded with a serious expression. 
Lin Tian glanced at her current attribute panel and combat strength. 
Fifteen thousand points. Quite powerful. She had fully mastered the power of Sylph and could even allow Darkspawn to partially control her. 
With half-control and Sylph combined, her strength could easily reach seventeen thousand. 
If she was under full control, her power would be immeasurable. 
Lin Tian’s brow furrowed deeper. He had no idea how to further increase Alice’s combat power. 
Her equipment was already world-class, and she had Sylph, a powerful elemental spirit. 
As for her combat techniques, they had become top-tier. 
Her swordsmanship had vastly improved since receiving guidance from Darkspawn. 
Her skills, when combined with Sylph’s abilities, allowed her to use one or two world-class spells. 
As he thought about it, Lin Tian’s eyes lit up. He asked, “Alice, most of your strongest sword techniques are reliant on Sylph’s power, right?” 
Alice blinked in surprise at the question, then nodded. “Yes, I can’t use pure world-class sword techniques. I have to rely on Sylph’s augmentation to reach near-world-class levels.” 
“That simplifies things. You just need to learn a few world-class sword techniques. But…” Lin Tian had just started to relax when his brow furrowed again. 
World-class magic was relatively easy to find. 
But world-class sword techniques were exceedingly rare. 
The empire he was in lacked powerful sword-wielding knights, which meant world-class sword techniques were even more scarce. 
Lin Tian asked, “Do you know of any books or scrolls on world-class sword techniques? I’ll find a way to get them for you.” 
Alice thought for a moment and then shook her head helplessly. “I can’t think of anything. Sword Saint Edward knew such techniques, but he didn’t leave any books behind. Other than him, I don’t know of any skilled swordsmen.” 
Upon hearing this, Lin Tian sighed. 
It seemed the only option would be to purchase such techniques from outside the wilderness. 
However, that would be extremely dangerous. 
Anyone who had mastered world-class sword techniques wouldn’t be lacking in money, and swordsmen tended to be proud individuals. 
They certainly wouldn’t trade their sword skills for gold. 
“Wait, I once heard someone mention that a group of powerful knights once tried to cross the Uninhabited Zone. Unfortunately, none of them returned. To honor them, a sword tomb was built at the edge of the Uninhabited Zone. Perhaps there might be world-class sword techniques buried with them!” Alice’s eyes lit up as she spoke. 
She was clearly excited at the mention of swordsmanship. 
Lin Tian was momentarily taken aback. Tomb raiding? 
Although it didn’t sound great, the entire wilderness belonged to him now, so it technically wasn’t grave robbing. 
It was more like reclaiming his own land. 
He quickly asked, “Do you know the exact location of this sword tomb?” 
Alice pondered carefully. “I’m not sure of the precise location, but it happened during the ancient Aesra Empire. According to records, the empire was located to the east, near the Zerg Empire.” 
Lin Tian nodded. “We’ll search along the eastern border of the Uninhabited Zone. We should be able to find the sword tomb. Let’s go. We only have a year, so we can’t waste time.” 
“Alright!” Alice nodded firmly. 
With the magic array Kassandra had set up in the Zerg Empire, the two of them instantly teleported there, saving several days of travel. 
… 
Inside the Zerg Empire, the Ant Queen continued to rule, producing goblins to station in the area. 
Lin Tian took the opportunity to gather some hybrid goblins to expand their search range. 
“Are you leaving already, Goblin Majesty? I feel like my energy is running low again. I need you to replenish it so I can continue producing. Please, I beg you!” The Ant Queen clung to Lin Tian’s feet, pleading. 
Alice stood nearby, utterly at a loss for what to make of the situation. 
She never imagined someone like this could exist. 
Suddenly, she remembered how she had once begged Lin Tian similarly, and she felt a wave of shame wash over her. Her head dropped in embarrassment. 
Lin Tian sighed. “Ant Queen, you’ll have to wait. But I have good news for you. I’ve fully subdued the Zerg Queen, and she’s now just a breeding tool. From now on, you can claim the title of Insect Queen for yourself.” 
“Really? That’s wonderful! So, how about rewarding me with one more session?” the Ant Queen persisted. 
Lin Tian didn’t bother continuing the conversation. He gathered a few thousand hybrid goblins and left. 
As he gazed out at the bleak, dark horizon, the land was lifeless and desolate. 
The air still held the lingering stench of blood and decay. 
“The Uninhabited Zone, huh? It’s about a few hundred miles away. Let’s go take a look.” Lin Tian spoke, looking toward the distance, where it seemed like a storm was brewing. 
That was the infamous Uninhabited Zone. 
The largest magic-infested area on the continent, teeming with countless monsters. No one even knew who ruled it. 
It wasn’t like the Great Tomb, which had a clear leader—Veronica. 
Soon enough, they reached the dark forest at the edge of the Uninhabited Zone. 
The vegetation was twisted and strange, entirely corrupted into black, magic-infested forms. 
The entire horizon was an endless stretch of the magic-infested forest. 
Perhaps it was because Lin Tian had lived in such places before, but he felt a strange sense of calm. Unlike the hybrid goblins, who trembled uncontrollably and shook with fear as they neared the forest’s edge. 
“Search along both sides,” Lin Tian ordered. “If you find anything resembling a grave or sword tomb, report back immediately.” 
With that command, the thousand hybrid goblins began to disperse, each heading in different directions to carry out the search. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 240: Alice Awakens Again, The Power of the Divine! 
TL: Sungmin  
The hybrid goblins all began to take action. 
Lin Tian and Alice stood in place, waiting for news. 
As he looked through the pitch-black gaps between the trees, Lin Tian furrowed his brows slightly. 
This feeling reminded him a bit of standing at the edge of the Great Tomb, gazing into the Abyss of Nothingness! 
Bottomless! 
It was as if a pair of eyes inside were watching him. 
Instantly, he felt his scalp tingle! 
Alice, on alert, said, “Even though we haven’t seen a single monster yet, the immense aura coming from within… the weakest would be at least tenth-tier, and there might even be Demon Kings…” 
Lin Tian also felt the aura. 
Within a radius of tens of kilometers, there were at least several powerful monsters and Demon Kings. 
It was truly terrifying. 
No wonder the continent within the Uninhabited Zone was called a barren wilderness. 
There weren’t even many Demon Kings here. The demigod Joan of Arc had also come from the world outside the Uninhabited Zone. 
One after another, many hybrid goblins came to report. 
“Boss, there’s a massive tomb about ten kilometers along the forest’s edge!” 
Upon hearing this, Lin Tian immediately moved. 
But after digging it up, he found only white bones. 
It was clearly a mass grave. 
It might even have been a burial site for bodies that had died in a plague near the edge of the region. 
The fact that monsters hadn’t eaten the corpses made it very likely they had died from a contagious disease. 
Lin Tian cursed under his breath, “Damn it, keep looking!” 
Fortunately, it had been a long time ago, and the virus had long since died out. 
Otherwise, catching a plague—this kind of real virus—would have been unbearable. 
For now, only purification magic could treat diseases. 
Healing magic couldn’t kill viruses. 
As for the medical level, there was no need to mention it—it was helpless against plagues. 
Finally. 
There was a new discovery by evening. 
“Boss, I found it while I was, uh… relieving myself behind a big rock. It looks like a tomb, but I wasn’t sure,” said a hybrid goblin awkwardly. 
Lin Tian frowned, “You better not have taken a dump on someone’s grave. If a vengeful spirit comes after you, don’t come crying to me.” 
The goblin shuddered at the thought of vengeful spirits. “No, no, I haven’t gone yet. I’m still holding it in, see? It’s over there, Boss.” 
Under the moonlight. 
A giant moss-covered stone appeared at the edge of a forested ravine. 
On the ground around the stone, more than a dozen rusted swords were thrust into the soil, almost looking like old stumps to anyone unaware. 
“It’s definitely a sword tomb,” Alice confirmed. 
When knights died and their bodies weren’t found, it was customary to erect a sword tomb as a memorial. 
Beneath the swords, they would bury the knight’s clothing and personal items. 
Lin Tian studied the large stone carefully, “There are inscriptions on it. They record these people’s deeds and causes of death. It seems to be about an expeditionary knight order… their leader, Covena, who killed seventeen Demon Kings and one Great Demon King…” 
With that level of power, they must have mastered world-class sword skills. 
“Hey, you, go ahead and start digging,” Lin Tian ordered the goblin guide. 
But the goblin wore a bitter expression, “Boss, I… I can’t hold it in much longer. And if I start digging and a vengeful spirit curses me… You’re strong, so you don’t fear them, but…” 
Lin Tian chuckled coldly, “You’ve got some nerve, huh? Ignoring my orders?” 
After all, Lin Tian wasn’t the Goblin King. 
He didn’t have the Call skill. 
The only reason they obeyed him was because of his overwhelming strength. 
That was the nature of goblins. 
If they could defeat Lin Tian, they’d immediately turn on him. 
Of course, they’d never have that chance. 
“Start digging!” Lin Tian commanded sharply, scaring the goblin so much his body clenched. 
He hurriedly began scraping the dirt with his claws. 
Being cursed by a vengeful spirit might kill him, but disobeying would definitely kill him. 
Soon, thin wooden coffins began to emerge from the earth. 
Western-style coffins were far lighter and smaller than their Eastern counterparts—more like simple wooden boxes. 
Just big enough to hold a single person. 
In the end, the hybrid goblins unearthed fourteen coffins and lined them up on the ground. 
“Boss, can I go relieve myself now?”  
The hybrid goblin, drenched in cold sweat, was barely holding on. 
Lin Tian waved his hand, signaling him to leave. 
Immediately, the goblin bolted as if injected with adrenaline. Vengeful spirits? He wouldn’t wait around to die! 
But he had barely run a few dozen meters. 
A burning bullet pierced through his chest! The wound around his heart was scorched black, with small embers still glowing. 
It was Lin Tian, using his Elemental Hand Crossbow. 
He never left goblins with rebellious tendencies alive. 
Crack! 
Just then, the sound of a wooden plank breaking echoed through the air. 
Alice pried open one of the coffins, and the musty smell immediately wafted out. 
Unfortunately, there wasn’t much inside. 
Just a few pieces of clothing, already rotting away, and some strange objects. 
Perhaps they were antiques, but in this world, antiques were worthless. 
She continued to open several more coffins, but all contained only clothes and some burial goods. No magic books. 
Until the last one was opened. 
A swarm of strange, disgusting bugs crawled out. 
The inside was completely empty, with nothing of value. 
Lin Tian sighed with a heavy heart, “It seems we were too naive. A world-class sword technique or magic book—even if it existed, it would never be buried as a grave good. It’s much more likely to have been sold off.” 
Alice let out a soft sigh, “Let’s just forget it. You’ve already done so much for me, and I’m truly content. From a young age, I was always taught how to help others, but this is the first time I’ve ever felt such warmth…” 
They had been busy all day, and it was now late into the night. 
A thick layer of white fog began to rise all around, reducing visibility to almost nothing. 
“Damn, don’t tell me there really are vengeful spirits coming for us? Hey, ghost brothers, I already killed the goblin that dug up your grave. You should be thanking me, not haunting me!”  
Lin Tian glanced around warily, feeling goosebumps creep up his arms. 
It felt like countless eyes were watching him from the darkness. 
In truth, he wasn’t afraid of ghosts themselves, just the idea of one suddenly appearing and scaring him. 
However, Alice softly said, “Lin Tian, actually, I feel like this fog came at the perfect time, don’t you think…” 
For a moment. 
Lin Tian didn’t notice that Alice had moved to stand directly in front of him, her eyes dreamy, and her warm breath clearly audible. 
“It’s been more than half a year since the last time we… I, I’m not like others who can take care of it on their own. I only want you…”  
A blush spread across Alice’s face as she leaned in and kissed Lin Tian. 
The fog provided her the perfect cover. 
No need to worry about anyone seeing, allowing her to fully express her desires. 
Since things had already come this far. 
Lin Tian, naturally, did not refuse. 
The night grew darker. 
The surrounding insects chirped like a natural symphony, their sounds rising and falling in waves. 
Just as they finished, Alice’s previously dazed expression suddenly sharpened into perfect clarity! 
In fact, her eyes even gleamed with a golden light! 
Lin Tian was dumbfounded. “Whoa, wait, how hyped up are you? Your eyes are literally glowing gold!” 
He was utterly shocked. 
The feeling of male pride surged within him! 
He stood straight, as if his back had become a perfect ninety degrees. 
But Alice explained, “No, no, that’s not what I meant. I think… I’ve awakened my former power! The power of the Divine!” 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 241: The Wish of the Knight’s Evil Spirit! 
TL: Sungmin  
After Alice completely betrayed the Church, her divine power was stripped away. 
This was akin to the power of faith. 
Very mysterious. 
Simply learning holy-type attack skills did not grant the ability to use them. 
One had to be a believer in the Catholic Church. 
“What? What do you mean? I don’t get it,” Lin Tian was a bit confused. 
Alice finished putting on her armor and attempted to activate her holy power. In the darkness, golden light flickered in her pupils! 
Although the divine aura was faint, it was undeniably holy power! 
On this continent, it was the only unique force specifically designed to counter monsters! 
Even Alice was astonished. “How could this happen? How did I actually recover my holy power? But… I even killed an angel. Could it be that the True God hasn’t blamed me and is trying to convert me?” 
That didn’t make sense either. 
The True God was a supreme deity with a lit divine spark, not a sycophant. 
Moreover, divine power drew its source from faith. 
Alice believed she had long since abandoned her faith in the Church, following only her own inner beliefs. 
There was no reason for her to awaken holy power again. 
Lin Tian checked her combat strength. Indeed, it had soared from 15,000 to 17,000! 
Nearly 18,000! 
She had truly reawakened her holy power! 
This was absurd! 
Especially since she had just done something that blatantly violated the Church’s rules. 
Suddenly. 
Lin Tian seemed to have thought of something. “Alice, you may not believe this, but perhaps… perhaps it’s because of something special about me that you reawakened your holy power.” 
“Something special about you?” Alice was still confused and looked puzzled. 
Lin Tian, however, maintained a serious expression and solemnly said, “I fused with that angel’s kidney earlier, which means I can infuse you with divine power and help you reawaken!” 
Anyone else hearing this would think it was an insult. 
But seeing Lin Tian’s serious demeanor, Alice thought it might actually be possible. Still, the more she thought about it, the more embarrassed she became. “T-Then… thank you very much.” 
“It’s nothing,” Lin Tian almost couldn’t keep a straight face. 
He had stumbled into this possibility by pure accident. 
However, in general, Alice regaining her holy power would definitely be of great help in breaking through the Uninhabited Zone. 
Her combat strength had also increased significantly. 
“In the future, I hope you can continue to help me improve my holy power…” Alice said earnestly. 
Lin Tian felt that the situation was getting out of hand and could only nod in agreement. 
“Swoosh…” 
At that moment, a cold wind blew by. 
The two of them shivered. 
Seeing the increasingly thick fog, Lin Tian felt something was wrong. “Let’s return to the Zerg Empire first. It’s supposed to be summer, but it’s strangely cold at night.” 
He turned around. 
Suddenly, a rotten, half-skeletal ghostly face appeared right in front of him! 
Its eyeballs were a sickly yellowish white, utterly revolting! 
“Where do you think you’re going?” the evil spirit rasped, as though a tormented soul was moaning in agony. 
It was horrifying. 
Lin Tian was so startled he almost dropped the basket he was holding. “Goddamn it! I’ve been on guard all this time, and you ghosts always show up when people are most relaxed, don’t you?! I’ll blow you away!” 
He was about to use world-class magic. 
It was like watching a horror movie—you knew there were ghosts, but they always appeared when you least expected it. 
Even if the King of Heaven showed up, he’d still get startled. 
Seeing Lin Tian gather the power of holy light, the evil spirit hastily explained, “Uh, I don’t know why either, but it seems like some force guided me to appear at that very moment…” 
“Why bother talking to him?! Damn goblin!” 
“Digging up our graves is one thing, but to be so merry with such a beautiful knight on top of our graves? I can’t stand it!” 
“Eat his heart! Drink his blood!” 
“I hate it so much! Why do we have to die while goblins live such joyful lives?!” 
In an instant. 
A dozen evil spirits gathered in the thick fog, drifting about, venting their grievances. 
Lin Tian quickly understood. “So, you guys are the lost souls of the Knight Expeditionary Force?” 
Alice also became more alert. “Don’t worry, I’ve reawakened my holy power. I can easily kill them.” 
As she spoke, she infused divine power into her Ominous Blade. 
The sword sizzled, emitting smoke, as the dragon soul within roared in fury! 
If not for Sylph suppressing it, the dark essence would’ve already started cursing aloud. 
“Wait a moment,” Lin Tian stopped Alice and said. 
After adjusting his mindset, he continued, “How about we make a deal? If you teach us world-class sword techniques or magic, feel free to state any wishes you have in return.” 
Upon hearing this. 
The largest of the evil spirits slowly floated toward Lin Tian. 
The evil spirit scrutinized Lin Tian carefully and sneered, “You? A lowly goblin? You aren’t even worthy of making a deal with us!” 
“And that disgrace of a knight! A human, yet consorting with a goblin! I am furious!” 
“Yes, kill them! Kill them both!”  
The auras of the evil spirits grew increasingly stronger, their collective combat strength nearing eight or nine thousand! 
Lin Tian, though startled at first, was no longer afraid. “Human or goblin, what difference does it make? I have the same wish as you.” 
Stunned! 
In an instant, the dozen or so evil spirits froze in place. 
The leader of the knights’ spirits hurriedly asked, “You… could it be that you also seek to break through this Uninhabited Zone?!” 
Upon hearing their dying wish, the evil spirits became excited, one after another. 
Lin Tian nodded solemnly, his expression serious. “That’s right. I’ve already conquered and unified all the lands within the wilderness. My current goal is to push beyond.” 
Seeing the determination in his eyes, the spirits were shocked, unable to believe what they were hearing. “The world… is ruled by goblins now?” 
“Still, there have been other monsters in the past who nearly unified the continent.” 
“Breaking through the Uninhabited Zone… I hate it so much! I hate the arrogant overlords! They’re too strong, far too strong!” 
“Why is there such a massive gap between humans and monsters? Why?!” 
The voices of their grievances stretched on, leaving an unsettling feeling in the air. 
After a long silence, the knight commander’s spirit finally spoke again. “Goblin, if you truly intend to break through the Uninhabited Zone, then… I am willing to pass on my life’s work to you…” 
“I am willing too! You must kill the arrogant overlords, kill them!” 
“Take our hatred with you and break through, break through!”  
One by one, the evil spirits echoed. 
Lin Tian pointed to Alice, who stood beside him. “No need. Pass on whatever you can to her.” 
Upon seeing Alice, the group of evil spirits suddenly grew agitated! 
They surged towards her in a frenzy, flooding into her mouth, ears, nose, and eyes in thick plumes of mist! 
Moments later, the spirits streamed out again. Alice, clutching her stomach, dropped to her knees, violently coughing. 
She didn’t look well. 
The knight commander’s spirit, with its sickly yellow eyes, glared intently at Lin Tian. “Everything I could give has been given. Promise me, take the creatures of this continent and break through!” 
“Kill the arrogant overlords, kill them!”  
The moaning voices of the spirits continued to echo as they gradually faded into the thick fog. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 242: The Strange Town Beneath the Fog 
TL: Sungmin  
“How are you feeling? Did you learn any new sword techniques?”  
Lin Tian asked, concerned, as he helped Alice.  
Having just been possessed by a malevolent spirit, she still felt somewhat weak. After all, these were powerful evil spirits from thousands of years ago, with deeply entrenched resentment.  
Alice hurriedly activated her holy power, quickly dispelling the negative effects of being haunted by the spirits.  
She began to sense the new sword techniques in her mind and said in disbelief, “They… they not only gave me sword techniques but also many combat skills, along with magic that complements a swordsman’s fighting style.”  
“Oh?”  
Lin Tian’s eyes lit up. Checking her attribute panel directly was quicker.  
[Alicenia: Lv100<br/>
Race: Human<br/>
Profession: Sword Saintess<br/>
Titles: Church Saintess, The Fallen, Darkspawn Communicator, Elf Contractor, Strongest Swordsman…<br/>
Health: 3700<br/>
Strength: 1490<br/>
Defense: 980<br/>
Skills: Profound Swordsmanship · Swallow Reversal, Final Chapter Sword Song, World Destroyer’s Blade Throne, Tenfold Attack Speed, Holy Judgment, Redeemer’s Sword Soul…<br/>
Equipment: Ominous Blade, Blessed Light Armor<br/>
Overall: 16,999-21,000] 
Seeing these skills, Lin Tian was stunned by the overall power!  
Seventeen thousand — she already had nearly seventeen thousand combat power, equivalent to a high-tier Demon King.  
If she mastered the new skills she had acquired, she could reach twenty one thousand!  
It was the first time he’d seen combat power exceed twenty thousand! He felt relieved she was an ally. 
He was also surprised that she could use holy sword techniques again.  
But first, he began to check the effects of those front-listed skills.  
[Profound Swordsmanship · Swallow Reversal – World-class]: Created by a legendary swordsman of ancient times, this ultimate move allows the user to instantly attack any enemy within a 20-meter range, becoming invincible and untargetable during the process. After completing the attack, the user swiftly returns to their original position. 
[Final Chapter Sword Song – World-class]: A song of lamentation for the world, a dirge of swords, this skill summons a massive blade that falls and executes the enemy, consuming a great deal of magic. 
[World Destroyer’s Blade Throne – World-class]: Summons countless swords to form an iron throne, dispelling all forms of control and breaking through any suppression effects below the Divine level. 
[Tenfold Attack Speed – World-class]: Temporarily increases attack speed tenfold for one second. 
These skills far exceeded Lin Tian’s expectations.  
He had thought those defeated knights couldn’t have been that strong, yet their skills were so powerful.  
However, this also confirmed one thing — the so-called “Lords of Sin,” like Gluttony, Pride, Lust, and the other Demon Kings, were incredibly strong.  
They should never be underestimated.  
At that moment, Alice had mostly recovered.  
Lin Tian still felt the surroundings were strange, an eerie feeling creeping over him.  
“Let’s go; staying near this Uninhabited Zone is too dangerous.”  
“Mm, and this fog is odd too. Even though those evil spirits are gone, it hasn’t lifted.” Alice agreed.  
Now wasn’t the time to practice the newly gained skills. They could take their time once they returned.  
After all, there was no rush.  
So, the two left the area and headed back toward the Zerg Empire.  
They weren’t sure how far they had walked, but the dense fog persisted, making it impossible to see anything. They had to rely on their instincts to move forward.  
“Lin Tian, do you think we took the wrong path? This place feels off to me. The magical aura here is complex and very strong,” Alice said cautiously.  
Lin Tian had no solution either. Although goblins had night vision, they couldn’t see through thick fog. If it was too dense, nothing would be visible. 
He couldn’t tell how long they had been walking.  
But he had sensed one thing: the magical aura here was indeed different from that of the Zerg Empire.  
The Zerg Empire also had many magical creatures, including the Queen Ant and green insects, both powerful in their own right.  
But there were only two.  
Here, however, he could feel the presence of many powerful magical creatures.  
Finally, through the heavy fog, they saw faint lights ahead.  
They could also hear human voices.  
Lin Tian sighed in relief, “We went the wrong way, but luckily, we stumbled upon a human town and didn’t wander deeper into the Uninhabited Zone.”  
Alice didn’t overthink it either.  
On the town’s street, cold winds howled, and a thick mist swept toward them.  
Lin Tian, smelling the familiar scent of alcohol, quickly found a tavern, its noisy atmosphere offering a sense of comfort.  
“It’s a tavern. Let’s go in and have a drink, and we can stay here tonight and head back tomorrow.”  
Saying this, he reached for the door and pushed it open.  
“Ring, ring, ring~” 
The bell on the door rang. 
Almost simultaneously, dozens of eyes inside the tavern turned to stare directly at Lin Tian! 
Why did it have to be dozens of eyes? 
The tavern was filled with an overwhelming stench, and the décor had a strange, dark tone, as if they were inside the belly of some enormous creature. 
The ones sitting at the tables drinking weren’t human. 
They were all demi-human monsters! 
A Blood Spider Demon King, with eight Scarlett eyes and eight long legs covered in bristly hair, took up nearly an entire table by itself. 
A Skeleton Demon King, whose body was shriveled and rotten, had nothing but a layer of skin clinging to his skeleton.  
His skin was so torn that the white bones were visible in many places.  
The foul stench in the tavern was mostly coming from him. 
There was also the Red Moon Queen, the Thorn Queen, Ogres, and many other powerful monsters. 
These creatures ranged from eleventh and twelfth-tier monsters to Demon King-level beings! 
Upon seeing Lin Tian, they gave him only a passing glance, as if it were nothing out of the ordinary, and continued eating and drinking.  
On one of the tables, a platter of steaming, bloody human limbs, still dressed in tattered clothes, was served by an insectoid maid without any kind of preparation.  
The monsters at the table eagerly began devouring the pieces like appetizers. 
They gnawed the bones down to nothing. 
Next to them, the Blood Spider Demon King cracked open a skull and wildly sucked out the brain matter! 
The young man in its grasp screamed in agony, convulsing violently, losing control of his bowels, spilling filth everywhere. 
But the monsters were unfazed, not disgusted in the slightest. 
The Skeleton Demon King was an even more “refined” eater. The server brought out a young village girl, tightly bound and dressed in simple clothes. Her eyes were filled with terror, and tears streamed down her face. 
Unfortunately, her mouth was gagged, preventing her from speaking. 
The Skeleton Demon King straightened his tattered suit and, with eerie elegance, slowly pulled out a rusty knife and fork. With a refined motion, he carved a tender piece of flesh from the girl’s body. 
Blood gushed from the wound like a fountain! 
As he chewed the flesh, he leaned down to drink the blood directly from the wound, not wasting a drop. 
He sighed contentedly, looking utterly satisfied. 
And it didn’t stop there. 
The behavior of the other demi-human monsters was just as horrific, each one more grotesque than the last. 
Lin Tian stood there, dumbfounded. Although he was also a monster, and in the eyes of humans, one of the most savage—a goblin—he couldn’t believe the sheer brutality and extravagance of their feasting. 
Compared to them, he thought, goblins were practically mild. 
It was at this moment he realized that humans had never truly seen what real monstrous brutality looked like. 
“Splat!” 
Suddenly, the Skeleton Demon King sliced off a piece of bloody flesh and tossed it in front of Lin Tian. 
“Eat, you pitiful little creature, always peeking in from the doorway, unable to live a real life. Kekekeke~” the Demon King taunted. 
What the…? 
Lin Tian wasn’t about to eat. He didn’t even have the appetite for it! 
What kind of madness was this? 
Had he wandered into a nest of monsters? Why were there so many powerful creatures gathered here?! 
He quickly closed the door and retreated, leaving the grotesque scene behind him. 
You can read extra chapters at <a href="https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/">Etude Translations</a> linked to Patreon! <a href="https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/">https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/</a> 
If you have any questions about updates, join our Discord: <a href="https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC">https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC</a> 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 243: The Youthful Loser Won’t Dream of the Big Sis Next Door 
TL: Sungmin  
Alice was just about to follow them inside, puzzled as she asked, “What’s wrong? Is it full in there?” 
Lin Tian replied heavily, “No, we seem to have entered the demonic forest of the Uninhabited Zone, where it’s full of monsters.” 
Fortunately, he hadn’t used Abnormal Fusion to transform into a human. 
Otherwise, they would’ve ganged up on him immediately. 
After all, within his own territory, humans had long since accepted being ruled by goblins. 
“Monsters? It’s no big deal. If they dare to make a move, I won’t hesitate to slaughter this little monster town,” Alice said indifferently. 
Lin Tian shook his head. “The situation in the Uninhabited Zone is complicated, and we don’t understand it fully yet. I suspect it’s not the chaotic mess people say it is, with no clear ruler. From the looks of this town, where demi-human monsters coexist peacefully in the tavern, it’s highly likely that a stronger monster is in control. If we act rashly, we might be swarmed.” 
Upon hearing this, Alice understood. 
Although Lin Tian had been insulted earlier, it was clear that the monsters here were united and wouldn’t attack each other. 
This meant that Lin Tian wouldn’t face much trouble here. 
But Alice was different. 
Not only was she the humans’ favorite prey, but she also wielded holy powers, a presence that every monster deeply despised. 
If she were discovered, it would spell big trouble. 
“Little girl, what are you doing out here at this late hour?” 
Suddenly, without any warning, a woman’s voice came from behind. 
Alice instantly drew her sword and swung it in the direction of the voice! 
But she hit nothing. 
Standing just over two meters away was a woman dressed in formal attire, wearing a high ponytail, with a well-proportioned figure. 
Her outfit resembled that of a modest middle-class woman, simple yet not overly plain. 
She was dressed conservatively, like a virtuous wife. 
Her delicate face appeared harmless, exuding warmth. 
Her eyes were filled with concern as she looked at Alice. 
Lin Tian was slightly taken aback. How could there be a human here? She seemed just like a kind, gentle neighbor from a small town. 
Something was off—nine out of ten things were wrong. 
And as she appeared, the dense fog around them lightened significantly. 
Lin Tian immediately opened his system to check. 
To his surprise, she was indeed an ordinary human, with almost no combat ability. 
The woman glanced at Lin Tian as if startled. “A goblin?! Come behind me, little girl! I’ll protect you!” 
Lin Tian’s lips twitched, and he spoke with annoyance, “Big Sis, even if I can’t tell what exactly you are, you’re trying to convince me you’re human in a place swarming with Demon Kings?” 
Only a gullible loser would believe that. 
“Demon King? What are you talking about? There’s no Demon King in our little town,” the woman said in confusion as she tried to pull Alice toward the tavern. 
But she couldn’t budge her at all. 
Alice retreated cautiously to Lin Tian’s side. “Just now, I clearly sensed her within my attack range, but after I swung my sword, she was suddenly outside of it. There’s definitely more to her.” 
Lin Tian stopped pretending and came clean. “I don’t know what kind of trick you’re using, but I’ve gained enough confidence in killing monsters, hehehe…” 
Thanks to the holy relic on his body. 
With Judgment Execution—a world-class holy magic skill he had acquired through Lucky Steal—he could unleash divine power. 
Which would greatly suppress monsters. 
At that moment, the commotion outside had caught the attention of those inside. The tavern doors swung open, and several people rushed out. 
Surprisingly, they weren’t monsters but actual humans! 
They looked like ordinary townsfolk. 
Seeing the goblins, they were filled with hatred.  
“Goblins?! Get the weapons, boys!” 
One after another, about a dozen men emerged, armed with chairs, bottles, and fruit knives. 
At this scene, Alice was astonished. “Your Majesty, Lin Tian, didn’t you say they were monsters? Why do they look just like regular human townsfolk? They even seem like humans.” 
“Little girl, come to us quickly! We’ll protect you. Don’t let the goblins deceive you!” the woman called out again, sounding urgent. 
Lin Tian responded calmly, “If you trust me, don’t ask too many questions.” 
There was no way to explain the system to her. 
However, Lin Tian was also surprised. 
Just earlier, the system had identified them as genuine monsters. 
But now, when he checked again, they were normal human townsfolk, all weak and powerless. 
It was indeed strange. Something was definitely interfering, altering their true identities. 
Even the system couldn’t see through it. 
Alice hummed in acknowledgment, then immediately unleashed a sword qi! 
“Shhhh!” 
A middle-aged man fell to the ground, sliced in half! 
Instantly, an elderly man and a young boy beside him collapsed, sobbing uncontrollably. “Why?! Why did you kill my son?!” 
“Papa!”  
The cries were heart-wrenchingly real. 
This reminded Lin Tian of the scenes from his earlier raids on villages. 
What kind of strange thing had they encountered this time?! 
At that moment, the woman’s eyes filled with disgust and fear. “Why did you kill him? As expected, you’re no different from the monsters you’re with. You’ve already become one yourself!” 
Alice said nothing, but unleashed two more slashes of sword qi! 
This time, the group of “humans” instantly transformed into ferocious monsters, scattering in all directions! 
The human Alice had killed on the ground morphed into a blood-red spider with eight legs. Its body and abdomen were sliced apart, and it died on the spot. 
Lin Tian was incredulous. That blood spider should have been at the level of a Demon King just a moment ago. 
Yet it had been killed so easily by Alice’s casual sword qi. There were far too many questions surrounding this. 
After thinking carefully, he started to piece things together. 
It had to be the woman’s magic—something that could completely transform herself and others into someone else, including their combat abilities and physical form. 
Even the system had been fooled by this. 
Such an overwhelming ability—if she were to ascend to godhood, wouldn’t she become a real deity? 
She could impersonate anyone, and not even the most powerful figures would be able to tell the difference! 
There was one distinct advantage, though. 
She could become any type of woman he desired! 
“It looks like I’ll have to capture you and keep you around, hehe…” Lin Tian’s lips curled into a grin. 
A man with a goal suddenly felt unstoppable energy! 
The woman’s gaze was filled with loathing and darkness. She no longer bothered to maintain the facade of a gentle, neighborly big sister. 
Glancing at the corpse of the Blood Spider Demon King, she coldly remarked, “Look at you, killing my servant—what a naughty child…” 
“So you’ve finally admitted it,” Alice responded icily. 
“Judgment… Execution!!!” 
Boom! 
In an instant, holy light exploded! 
It illuminated the entire area, causing the dense fog to vanish in an instant! 
The blast wiped out a dozen twelfth-tier monsters on the spot! 
The ground itself cracked open, creating a terrifying chasm that stretched for thousands of meters, turning everything it touched to ash! 
Only the woman and the Skeleton Demon King managed to avoid the attack. 
Lin Tian’s face was filled with a sinister smile, his eyes narrowing. “I’m very interested in your abilities. Why don’t you stop resisting and let me study you thoroughly?” 
“Holy magic?! From a… goblin?!!”  
The woman’s face was full of shock, her disbelief obvious. 
The Skeleton Demon King was equally astonished. “I’ve seen plenty of strange things in this Uninhabited Zone, but a goblin using holy magic? Now that’s a first! Fascinating!” 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 244: Concept-Level Imitation! Mythic Magic! 
TL: Sungmin  
(TL: I recall that mythic was stated in the earlier chapters to be below world class, but now it seems like it’s above world class) 
“You must be bumpkins from some backwater, huh? I can’t believe there are still living creatures from places like that, and you’ve developed into something so ridiculous,” the woman sneered after a brief moment of surprise. 
The Skeleton Demon King chimed in, “Humans from the Church mingling with goblins, and even a goblin using holy magic? This world is truly strange~” 
They had lived in this place for countless years and had never seen anything like it before. The woman’s face filled with curiosity. “I don’t understand—how can a small goblin like you possibly see through our identities?” 
This ability of hers had killed countless powerful beings, including monsters. Even Demon Kings couldn’t see through it, but now, a mere goblin had done so. She couldn’t comprehend it at all. 
“Want to know? How about you tell me who you are first?” Lin Tian was just as curious. This creature’s power could even deceive his system. 
The woman didn’t bother hiding it. After all, this was her domain. Slowly waving her hand, thick smoke began to rise from her body, sizzling as it appeared. 
Gradually, her true form was revealed. Her face was still exceptionally beautiful, but her outfit was highly revealing, akin to a bikini.  
Her long, purple hair cascaded down like a waterfall. Half of her pale face bore a floral tattoo, making her appear both enchanting and dangerous. 
Her lips were plump and alluring. Her body, almost devoid of clothing, was covered in vulgar tattoos depicting obscene actions and placements. The whole look was simply explosive. 
She gave off an impression of being both “pure and chaste,” as if her “first kiss” was still intact. 
Finally, Lin Tian could use his system to see her true identity: 
[Scarlett: Lv100<br/>
Race: Demon<br/>
Profession: Forbidden Mage<br/>
Title: Lust Demon King, Seven Deadly Sins<br/>
Health: 4100<br/>
Strength: 1600<br/>
Defense: 1299<br/>
Skills: Infinite Lust, Slave Contract, Otherworldly Mist, Forbidden Soul Steal…<br/>
Equipment: None<br/>
Overall: 19,999] 
Lust Demon King? 
Lin Tian’s eye twitched. He hadn’t expected this person to be one of the infamous Seven Lords of Sin. Her appearance certainly matched the aura of desire. 
But, honestly, Lin Tian had zero interest in someone with such a scandalous look. Though, if she transformed into something else, he might be slightly interested—after all, she could become anything he desired: human, monster, elf, beast, dragon, god, demon, ghost, you name it! 
[Infinite Lust – Mythic Magic]: Completely transform into someone else, including gaining their skills, memories, belongings, and combat power, though the power can’t exceed your own upper limit. However, you must maintain self-control while casting. If you lose control, the transformation will revert, and all memories of the target will be erased. 
Looking at this skill, everything made sense. It essentially allowed her to become a perfect copy of someone else. On the surface, it seemed weak, but in the hands of someone skilled, it was the perfect tool for assassination. 
After all, who doesn’t have trusted people around them? Even if someone noticed something was off, they wouldn’t be able to distinguish the real from the fake. And if one of them secretly wanted to kill you, that would be a huge problem. 
“Love is eternal, but lust is fleeting. Only by constantly changing partners can one truly satisfy their desires. I am the Lust Demon King~” Scarlett teased as she slowly ran her fingers across her lips, sensually licking her fingertips. 
She then added, “Now, it’s your turn to tell me how you saw through my magic. You should know, even that person has been toyed with by me~” 
Lin Tian casually replied, “I guessed. Do you believe me?” 
For a moment, everyone seemed frozen, as if time itself had stopped. 
“My lord, he’s messing with you…” the Skeleton Demon King finally spoke up. 
“Smack!” 
Scarlett slapped him across the face. “Do you think I need you to tell me that?” Her tone turned dark and sinister. “Bumpkin, I haven’t decided to kill you yet, but don’t push me. If you piss me off, the consequences will be dire!” 
Lin Tian shrugged, “Alright, I’ll be honest. I’m a transmigrator from Earth. I used to be human, but I turned into a goblin and activated a system. The system is how I saw through your deception. I swear I’m telling the truth.” 
Scarlett’s expression darkened, nearly black with anger. She gritted her teeth and growled, “Nonsense! My patience has limits…” 
To her, what he said was beyond comprehension. 
Lin Tian sighed helplessly. “What more do you want from me? I’m really telling the truth here.” 
Scarlett snapped back, “You seem to have the power of a Demon King yourself, and yet, you don’t even have the confidence to speak the truth? I was thinking of inviting you to join my domain, but now I see you really are a bumpkin, trash from some backwater!” 
“World-class magic! Otherworldly Mist!” 
Immediately, several magic circles appeared, forming around her on either side! 
Thick, murky white mist erupted, rapidly expanding in all directions. In an instant, the entire area was shrouded in fog, obscuring visibility and even dulling sensory perception within the mist. 
The reduced visual range made it impossible to see anything clearly. It was a powerful support skill. 
Lin Tian quickly pulled out the Spear of Zeus and readied himself for battle. “Damn it, how am I supposed to explain this? This is just ridiculous!” 
However, suddenly, the mist completely dispersed. 
The next second, two identical Alices appeared in front of Lin Tian. 
The moment they laid eyes on each other, their expressions were exactly the same! 
“Whoosh!” 
After a brief moment of shock, they immediately began attacking each other! 
Their movements, techniques, and even weapons were identical! 
After exchanging a few blows, both Alices instinctively backed off, maintaining a tense standoff. 
This proved that even their combat instincts were exactly the same! 
Lin Tian quickly opened his system, checking both templates. Unsurprisingly, both of them were Alice’s system profile. 
At that moment, one Alice spoke first, filled with disdain. “Is mimicking others all you can do?” 
The other Alice echoed the contempt. “Lust Demon King, and you have the nerve to call others bumpkins? Your tricks are even more pathetic!” 
“Can you imitate my appearance, but what about this?” one of the Alices said, summoning Sylph, the wind spirit, as gusts of wind began swirling around her. 
But to Lin Tian’s shock, the other Alice also summoned Sylph! 
This was already on the level of concept-based magic! 
Lin Tian stared in astonishment before realizing something. “That skill… Infinite Lust… it really is mythic magic?! This is practically a cheat!” 
If anyone else had this power, they’d likely be selling their body to make money with it. 
This so-called Infinite Lust was nothing more than a top-tier imitation magic. 
“Boom!” 
Suddenly, a surge of Scarlett Darkspawn energy burst forth! 
“Boom!” 
Immediately after, two powerful waves of Darkspawn aura engulfed the entire town! 
“Who the hell dares to imitate me? Alice, little girl, release me completely, and I’ll kill this bastard right now!” one Darkspawn snarled, his voice dripping with anger. 
“Trash! Stop mimicking my voice, it disgusts me!” the other Darkspawn coldly added. 
At this point, Lin Tian started to sweat. Things were becoming incredibly troublesome. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 245: Take the Initiative When You See Someone Attractive! 
TL: Sungmin  
“How about this?!” 
One of the Alices immediately activated her holy power, with several rings of light rising from her feet to shield her! 
The wind howled! 
Without a doubt. 
The other Alice could do the same. 
Even the holy power could be mimicked—not just mimicked, but perfectly replicated! 
The Skeleton Demon King stood by, laughing coldly, “How about that, country bumpkin? Scared stiff by our master’s power, huh? If you kneel and beg to be her slave, maybe—just maybe—our master will let you off~” 
The Lust Demon King was considered one of the milder Great Lords of Sin. 
After all, she was obsessed with pleasure. 
Regardless of gender, age, or even species—be it beast, human, or monster—if she found someone appealing, she would seduce them and copy their form as a template. Later, she could transform into that person at any time. 
This allowed her to seduce others again and again. 
It was because she found Alice’s appearance exquisite that she had shown up, hoping to lure her in. 
And most importantly, the Lust Demon King was even more potent than a goblin in that regard. 
Through intercourse, she could absorb her partner’s soul, strengthening herself. She could kill them or turn them into her slaves. 
“Lin Tian, don’t worry about me. You go back first. I don’t believe she’ll follow us all the way back and keep hanging around,” Alice said gravely. 
The other Alice chimed in, “I won’t be going back. If you see me again, attack me immediately!” 
The Skeleton Demon King continued to sneer, “Kekeke, this is the price of angering our master! So, what are you going to do now?” 
“What to do? Double the pleasure—what do you think I should do?” 
Suddenly, the tense atmosphere was shattered by Lin Tian’s mischievous laughter. 
With an evil grin on his face, he said, “Come on, Alice, get on the ground. I want to see if a great Demon King will let herself be humiliated by a country bumpkin like me…” 
Before he could finish speaking, both Alices were already prepared. 
Lin Tian’s face froze. He had miscalculated—the Lust Demon King was notorious for being shameless, and this method wouldn’t work at all. 
So, he changed tactics, “Lust Demon King, huh? Anyway, your magic won’t work while you’re engaging in… ‘fun.’ Let’s see if you can hold out without giving yourself away.” 
“Thud!” 
Immediately. 
One of the Alices’ expressions changed visibly. 
Slowly, white smoke began to rise from her body as her true form reemerged. 
Scarlett couldn’t believe it, “How… how did you know about my abilities?” 
Although she could copy someone’s memory, it would vanish after she reverted back to her original form. 
That’s why she hadn’t directly copied Lin Tian’s memory to find the answer—she would’ve forgotten it right afterward. 
“Bang!” 
Without warning, Lin Tian smashed the Skeleton Demon King’s head to pieces. 
He extracted the core of its magic power and crushed it into dust. 
She couldn’t allow a third party to know about this incident. 
“Alice, come here,” Lin Tian called out. 
Immediately, Alice moved over and took Lin Tian’s hand, no longer daring to let her guard down around Scarlett. 
This ability was pure trickery—almost impossible to counter. 
The only way to expose her was to force her to reveal herself. 
Even though she would revert to her true form after “fun,” the real danger lay in being killed by her soul-stealing skill during the act. 
Scarlett continued, “I have no desire to keep tangling with you. Tell me how you knew about my power, and I’ll let you go. After all, I’m not interested in that desolate place you come from.” 
“Big sis, I’ve already told you everything I know. What else can I do if you don’t understand?” Lin Tian responded helplessly. 
A hint of murderous intent flashed in Scarlett’s eyes. “Hmph, then I’ll just have to kill you. But don’t worry—I won’t kill you outright. I’ll enslave you first! Then, you’ll tell me everything with your own mouth… and you’ll regret it! Hahaha~” 
With that, a mist formed, and she vanished into it. 
Lin Tian and Alice turned and headed in the opposite direction. 
Finally, they reached the outskirts of the Zerg Empire. 
“Though her power is really troublesome, at least it’s all over,” Alice said with relief. 
That situation had been pretty uncomfortable. 
She had known she was the real Alice, but couldn’t prove it. 
Yet, when she looked over at Lin Tian, she saw his face clouded with concern. “Is it over? I don’t think so.” 
“Huh?” Alice was puzzled. “Next time we meet her, we’ll just attack first. What’s there to worry about?” 
“The next time we meet her, she won’t appear as herself. She’ll disguise herself as someone else.” Lin Tian sighed. 
That meant he’d have to hold back and resist certain temptations in the future. 
Otherwise, he could easily fall into her trap. 
He couldn’t afford to let his guard down, not even around his own allies. 
This meant no more… ‘fun’ with beautiful ladies—not even with his own people. 
He might as well become a monk. 
After all, he was a goblin! 
“Big Sis Demon King, I was wrong, okay? Please, don’t do this to me! There’s nothing I’m afraid of—except for this! I admit I’ve lost, completely and utterly!”  
Lin Tian spoke with a tone full of helplessness, almost on the verge of tears.  
With a thud, he dropped to one knee. 
He had lost—truly lost this time. 
After outwitting others so many times, this time he had been outwitted! 
Becoming a monk would be worse than death! 
Even monks might sneak a taste, but he couldn’t afford to. 
At this moment, Alice hesitantly bit her red lips, stammering, “D-don’t worry… If I stay by your side, you won’t fall for her trap. You just need to… with me…” 
“Thank you…” Lin Tian forced a smile, but deep down, he felt nothing but agony. 
What was the point of only having Alice? He wasn’t human, and he wasn’t some kind of upstanding man. 
He obviously craved more. 
Otherwise, when he transmigrated as a goblin, he would’ve been satisfied with just one. 
“Alice, I’m suffering,” Lin Tian sighed deeply, deciding to rest up in the Zerg Empire for now. 
But Alice’s face couldn’t hide her joy. From her perspective, this meant she could spend more time with Lin Tian in certain ways. 
“Goblin King, why do you look so troubled?”  
Inside the ant queen’s underground palace, the Ant Queen asked, full of concern. 
Lin Tian glanced at her. “Come on, haven’t you been eager for this? I’ll fulfill your wish today!”  
His chances to engage with other people would become fewer and fewer in the future. 
So, he needed to cherish those in front of him. 
Since the Ant Queen was still safe and wouldn’t be mimicked by the Lust Demon King, he could indulge for now. 
Hearing this, the Ant Queen was filled with excitement, “Goblin King, I’m truly honored!!!” 
However, after the act was over, the Ant Queen writhed in pain on the ground, crying out in agony, “It hurts! It hurts! Goblin King, what have you done to me?! Help me!” 
Sizzle!  
The sound of burning rang out—it was a sound Lin Tian knew all too well. 
The result of a holy-type attack on a monster! 
Lin Tian had just finished putting on his clothes when he suddenly realized, “How did I forget this?! Lust Demon King, you want to mess with me? Fine! I’ll make sure you suffer the consequences of never being able to enjoy yourself again!” 
Since he now possessed holy power, he could infuse others with divine energy, which was lethal to monsters. 
Luckily, he had tested it on Alice before.  
She was human, so it didn’t harm her. 
“This fusion ability really surprised me… So, I don’t need to hold back. I should take the initiative whenever I see someone attractive?”  
Lin Tian pulled out a bottle of super recovery potion, pouring it to heal the Ant Queen’s injuries. 
As long as he wasn’t engaging with someone for pleasure but treating it as a skill attack,  
he wouldn’t fall prey to the Lust Demon King’s soul-stealing technique. 
You can read extra chapters at <a href="https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/">Etude Translations</a> linked to Patreon! <a href="https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/">https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/</a> 
If you have any questions about updates, join our Discord: <a href="https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC">https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC</a> 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 246: Breaking the Cocoon, Rebirth, and Power Surge! 
TL: Sungmin  
The next day. 
Lin Tian and Alice returned to the Goblin Empire to handle various matters. 
First, Alice needed to practice the sword techniques she had learned. She had to sharpen her skills to fully master them. 
Otherwise, those techniques would just go to waste. 
As for Lin Tian, others had already made the necessary arrangements, but he also needed to boost his own power. 
With only a power level of 17,000, he didn’t feel confident about defeating the Lust Demon King. 
And when it came to angels? He could probably only handle a low-tier one at best. 
“At this rate, it’s no good. My power has hit a bottleneck, and if I want to improve, I’ll have to start hunting demigods…” 
Inside the grand hall. 
Lin Tian sat on the throne, his brow furrowed in deep thought. 
Even though he had the system, when his power reached an impassable point, the system became ineffective. 
By now, he had already ‘extracted’ power from many powerful female beings. 
His equipment was also top-tier, meaning he had reached a plateau. 
Just as he was racking his brain, an idea suddenly occurred to him. 
Earlier, when he and Gobu Kuang had gone to hunt the Goblin King, he had devoured a skill called “Rebirth.” 
This skill allowed him to transform into a cocoon upon death, and after a certain amount of time, he would resurrect, stronger than before! 
It was somewhat similar to the Phoenix’s rebirth from ashes, an incredibly powerful skill. 
However, the cooldown period was quite long—an entire month. 
Without hesitation. 
Lin Tian took out the sharp Spear of Zeus. “Let’s give this a try…” 
Without a second thought. 
He plunged the spear straight into his heart! 
“Plchhh!” 
The intense pain twisted Lin Tian’s face slightly, his muscles spasming. 
He could clearly feel the electrical currents buzzing and numbing his body! 
His breathing became increasingly labored and difficult. 
The sensation of blood trickling down his skin was eerie—a primal fear from his genes about injury. 
His vision began to blur. 
His mind grew increasingly sluggish, the pain dulling as he approached unconsciousness. 
Summoning the last bit of his strength, Lin Tian pulled the spear out. 
Otherwise, there would be no “Breaking the Cocoon,” just a real game over. 
“Thud…” 
As his body weakened, he collapsed to the ground. 
Lin Tian was no stranger to this feeling, nor was he afraid of it. His resolve to grow stronger fueled his motivation. 
This was nothing in comparison. 
At that moment, the Rebirth skill activated. Since it was a passive skill, it triggered on its own. 
His skin began to swell, unraveling like silk threads, forming clear, cotton-like textures. 
It wrapped his entire body, until he was fully enclosed, resembling a white cocoon. 
“Hiss!” 
Inside the cocoon, Lin Tian suddenly took a deep breath, coming back to life. His wounds healed, and his blood and flesh that had turned to silk regrew. 
But the new flesh was still extremely tender. 
Much like a newly hatched cicada, his body was as soft as jelly at first. 
Later, it would harden considerably. 
Absorbing the nutrient fluid made from his own blood and flesh, Lin Tian broke out of the cocoon. 
His entire body felt weak, as if he had just fought for days and nights straight! 
Gradually, he recovered. 
Finally, his power level stabilized. 
“A thousand point increase!?” 
Lin Tian stared at his status screen in disbelief. He hadn’t expected such a large improvement. 
With another year to go, he could use this skill at least eleven more times, which meant over 10,000 in power! 
But he quickly dismissed the idea. 
The gains would likely diminish over time, and eventually, there would be no further increases. 
At most, this super-tier skill could provide a total boost of 3,000 power points. 
Still, that was already quite impressive. 
Both his physical strength and defense had significantly improved. With a few more tries, ordinary swords might not even be able to cut him anymore. 
Seated once more on his throne. 
Lin Tian continued to contemplate how to further enhance his strength. He needed to reach 20,000 at the very least. 
He was still 2,000 short. 
“The system shows I have more than 400 life points now. I could exchange them for new skills… Maybe I’ll wait until I reach 500 points,” Lin Tian thought aloud. 
With 500 points, he could exchange for far more powerful items, perhaps even mythic-class skills. 
He could gain life points by doing various tasks, and every new title he earned came with skill point rewards. 
By refreshing the simulation attempts, Lin Tian could tackle harder storylines, like attacking the Demigod Empire or challenging deities. 
These more difficult scenarios awarded more points. 
He pondered. 
Lin Tian decided to simulate life once again to gather the 500 points he needed for an exchange. 
“System, start the Life Simulation. I want to find the Lust Demon King.” 
“Life Simulation is starting: Current scenario — Forbidden Lust. 
[Due to a wrong turn in the fog, you accidentally provoked the Lust Demon King, Scarlett. Anyone who catches her attention usually meets a tragic end. 
However, you took the initiative to attack first, ‘assaulting’ everyone you knew, which left them extremely embarrassed. 
Once they recovered, you went into the streets of the empire. Anyone who even had a thought of seducing you? You attacked them all. 
The female beastkin and monster women thought they were about to experience happiness, only to be struck down by your holy powers, leaving them battered. 
After confirming their normality, you always used a Super Recovery Potion to heal them and even gave them twenty gold coins as compensation. 
This continued for ten straight days. 
Those female beastkin and monster women, who were once fanatically obsessed with you, started covering their pants and fleeing at the sight of you, terrified! 
They even gave you a title—’Lady Killer.’ 
However, every time you visited the Bunny Girl Tavern in the southern part of the city, a female beastkin would seduce you, and after finishing the deed, she would hastily flee without even asking for a Super Recovery Potion or gold…]” 
Seeing this, Lin Tian frowned slightly. The Bunny Girl Tavern in the southern part of the city? 
That was probably where the Lust Demon King operated, since the southern part of the city was closest to the Zerg Empire. 
He ordered, “Stop the simulation.” 
“This simulation has ended. Score: 100! Reward: 100 life points! 
Summary: Your strength exceeded everyone’s expectations. In just ten days, you made half of the royal city’s female beastkin and monsters suffer terribly, earning you a perfect score!” 
Seeing this summary, Lin Tian couldn’t help but smile.  
It was quite a confidence boost. 
But then his expression hardened. “The southern tavern, huh? I think it was called Bunny Girl Tavern No. 7… Heh, I’m coming for you…” 
Perfect timing. This would also help him preserve his reputation. 
He wouldn’t have to use the ‘attacks’ from his holy powers, which might hurt their delicate bodies. 
That way, future elite female beastkin and monster women wouldn’t hear the rumors of the “Lady Killer” and become too scared to offer themselves up. 
That would be a huge loss. 
With that in mind, he immediately got up and headed to Tavern No. 7. 
… 
“Welcome, Your Majesty the Goblin King!” 
As the bell above the tavern door chimed, Lin Tian stepped in, and the entire tavern staff greeted him enthusiastically. 
Each of their faces beamed with sweet smiles. 
“Would you like a drink, Your Majesty?” 
“Would you like something to eat?” 
“Or… would you like to enjoy us~?” 
Watching their warm service, Lin Tian waved them off and acted casual. “Just passing by. I’ll have a drink.” 
He picked a seat and sat down. 
The other beastkin and monsters drinking in the tavern ground their teeth in envy. “Damn it, why don’t we ever get that kind of service?” 
“Aren’t the bunny girls supposed to be the purest?! My goddess!” 
“Ugh, I’m so jealous of His Majesty!” 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 247: Flower Fairy 
TL: Sungmin  
Lin Tian had long grown tired of hearing the sentiments of these male demi-humans. 
What mattered most was finding the Lust Demon King, and if he could mate with her, not only would it increase his power, but it would also allow him to exact revenge on that wretch. 
Sure enough. 
Before long, a sultry female highland sheep demi-human slowly sat down next to Lin Tian. 
The cuteness of the sheepfolk was undeniable. 
Her round, chubby face and drooping ears were incredibly endearing. 
Her body resembled that of a half-beast. 
She was covered in a thin layer of white wool, just enough to hide her important parts, like a natural garment. 
Her collarbones were stark white and captivating, making it hard for anyone to look away. 
Behind her, a small tail wagged rapidly out of embarrassment. 
“Your Goblin Majesty, p-please don’t stare at me like that,” the highland sheep said, blushing as she lowered her head. 
Lin Tian tried using the system to check her stats. Unsurprisingly, she was just a highland sheep. 
He still couldn’t see through the Lust Demon King Scarlett’s true form. 
However, based on the system’s analysis, given that women continued to approach him despite knowing he was a woman-killer, there was a strong likelihood this was Scarlett. 
Additionally, every time the deed was done, they would flee in panic, suggesting they feared their magic might wear off and reveal their true form. 
As for why they kept trying, it was likely because Scarlett couldn’t understand why, despite engaging in intercourse, she couldn’t activate the “Forbidden Soul Steal” skill. 
Forbidden Soul Steal was one of Scarlett’s exclusive abilities. 
It could only be triggered during forbidden, passionate love, allowing her to steal both the soul and power of her target. 
That’s why Lin Tian planned to strike first, instead of just satisfying his desires. 
This would prevent her skill from identifying him as a victim. 
After all, who would expect to be harmed in such a way? 
“Little one, alone so late at night?” Lin Tian teased intentionally. 
The highland sheep’s gaze grew nervous, her eyes darting away as she stammered, “I-I heard you were here, so I came to visit… Our highland sheep tribe has always admired you…” 
To a normal person, her demeanor and reaction wouldn’t seem like an act. 
But Lin Tian had witnessed Scarlett’s tricks before. The more convincing it looked, the more suspicious it was. 
Without beating around the bush, he bluntly said, “I love eating mutton. Its gamey flavor… Do you… want me to… eat… you?” 
He deliberately drew out the last few words. 
The highland sheep’s heart pounded wildly, and she nodded. 
The two of them headed upstairs. 
“Wham!” 
As soon as Lin Tian left the room. 
A Wild Rhino demi-human slammed the table in frustration, “What the hell, picking up women like that?! Why?! It’s not fair!” 
“Got it! Bunny girl, do you… want me to… eat… you?” A nearby lizard-headed demi-human mimicked, pretending to be deeply affectionate. 
Immediately, the bunny girl rolled her eyes at him. “Idiot…” 
The other demi-humans drinking together were both furious and resigned. 
They were absolutely floored by Lin Tian’s audacity. 
However. 
Suddenly, from upstairs, a horrifying scream came from the highland sheep, tearing through the peaceful night! 
The Wild Rhino demi-human sighed, “That sound! I’m so envious!” 
“Just listen to that!” A striped female zebra nudged her husband in frustration, complaining. 
The lizard-headed demi-human raised his glass, downing it in one go, and sighed, “If you don’t have what it takes, don’t even think about it. Just earn some gold and head to the succubus den. That’s good enough!” 
Upstairs. 
The bed was in complete disarray. 
Lin Tian stood by the window, watching as the highland sheep broke through the window and fled, her body sizzling with smoke. A wicked smile crept across his lips. 
“Congratulations, Host! Your aptitude has improved! Health +100, Strength +30, Defense +30!” 
It was almost certain now that the highland sheep had been the Lust Demon King Scarlett. 
And it was also clear that he was immune to her Forbidden Soul Steal attack. 
“I’ve been worried about my limited power growth… Looks like I’ll be able to improve nicely now, heheh~” 
Lin Tian’s eyes were filled with greed as he gazed in the direction Scarlett had fled into the night. 
She was sure to come back. 
And every time she returned, she would change her disguise, often mimicking beings from uncharted areas that neither he nor anyone else had encountered. 
This meant that every time, he’d unlock new races, allowing him to grow stronger. 
It couldn’t be more perfect! 
Not only did it feel good, but it also made him stronger—goblins were truly amazing. 
… 
In the dark night. 
The highland sheep’s body began sizzling and shedding its form, revealing a bikini-clad demon covered in vulgar tattoos. 
She was none other than the Lust Demon King Scarlett. 
After taking a few steps, her legs gave way. Thankfully, there was a nearby tree to lean against; otherwise, she would have collapsed onto the ground. 
The intense pain caused cold sweat to pour down her forehead. 
Her pupils trembled! 
“It hurts! It hurts so much! What’s happening?! What did he do to me?! It’s like… like I’ve been pierced through!” Scarlett cried out in pain, tears streaming down her face as she whimpered like a helpless little girl. 
Scarlett continued, “Why was Forbidden Soul Steal ineffective on him? Could it be… Could it be that even such a cute race as the Highland Sheep isn’t enough to move his heart? Then again… As a king, he surely isn’t lacking in women. Maybe a Highland Sheep doesn’t tempt him anymore…” 
“Hiss! But… it hurts so much, ugh, damn goblin! Next time, I’ll make sure you regret this!!!” 
She quickly activated healing magic to tend to her ‘sister’ below. 
… 
The next day. 
Back at Tavern No. 7. 
Lin Tian sat there, eagerly waiting for Scarlett to present herself again. 
He was curious about what kind of demi-human girl she’d turn into this time. 
Though he had little regard for weak or unimpressive types. 
Still, anything crafted by Scarlett was bound to be top-notch. 
There was some excitement in that. 
Besides, it would boost his combat power. 
Even if the gains were small, they’d accumulate over time. 
“Whoa! Look at the entrance—what kind of race is that? Incredible!” someone shouted. 
“Looks like an outsider.” 
“I’ve heard of this one—it’s a Flower Fairy! Such a noble race, why would she come to a place like this?!” 
“A Flower Fairy?! I’ve heard that many Demon Kings specifically seek Flower Fairies to marry! They make amazing wives, not just for fun!” 
Behind Lin Tian, the same male demi-humans from yesterday were gathered, drinking as usual. 
Rhino-head, lizard-head, it didn’t matter—they were all staring fixedly at the entrance. 
At that moment. 
A delicate hand gently tapped Lin Tian on the shoulder. “Excuse me, could you lend me a gold coin to buy a drink? I just arrived here and have nothing on me. I’m terribly sorry.” 
It was the Flower Fairy who had just walked in. 
Her dress flowed like the petals of a rose, sensual and striking. Her exquisite features radiated nobility and elegance. 
Every movement and gesture was filled with grace and decorum. 
She was, without a doubt, a true Flower Fairy. 
Among ten thousand flower spirits, only one Flower Fairy would emerge! 
Her beauty was so overwhelming that no one dared entertain any wicked thoughts—self-doubt would quickly take over an ordinary person’s mind. 
They would think they weren’t worthy of her. 
Lin Tian turned around to size her up. He’d heard of Flower Fairies before, but this was his first time seeing one! 
Indeed, she gave off the vibe of an imperial noblewoman. 
As he and everyone else were completely captivated by her presence. 
The Flower Fairy smirked to herself, thinking, “Hmph, today, I refuse to believe I can’t take you down! You’ll obediently let me steal your soul and become my slave, Goblin!” 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 248: Trying to Flirt, Courting Death! 
TL: Sungmin  
Scarlett was incredibly confident in her own beauty, particularly when it came to the flower fairy.  
Back then, she had toyed with her for quite a while before reluctantly deciding to kill her. 
“Borrow money? I’m running a high-interest loan here. If you can’t pay me back, don’t expect any mercy,” Lin Tian said in an annoyed tone. 
However, his eyes couldn’t tear themselves away from her. 
She was truly stunning! 
Moreover, this flower fairy wasn’t weak either, boasting a combat power of 11,000. 
That could raise his stats quite a bit. 
Much more than the highland sheep. 
Upon hearing this, Scarlett covered her face and let out a seductive laugh, making everyone around her drool. 
She teased, “What kind of interest can one gold coin get me? Lend it to me.” 
If it were anyone else being flirted with like this, they might hesitate to lend money, but the nearby male demi-humans would’ve definitely rushed to hand over their cash. 
But this was Lin Tian, the king of the empire. 
Unless he didn’t want something, no one would dare covet it. 
“Alright, give her a drink,” Lin Tian smirked darkly. 
Watching Scarlett down the entire drink, Lin Tian’s impatience grew.  
Scarlett seemed surprised, “This drink actually tastes so good?” 
Internally, she grew a little excited, thinking that this wilderness might not be as bad as she thought.  
Once she enslaved Lin Tian, the entire Goblin Empire would be hers. 
She could drink as much as she wanted. 
Lin Tian, barely able to contain himself, blurted, “Alright, miss, you now owe me 100,000 gold coins. Pay up! Otherwise, don’t blame me for being ruthless!” 
“What?”  
Everyone froze in disbelief. 
A single drink now cost 100,000 gold coins? 
Even though Scarlett knew he was just lusting after her, she couldn’t help but retort, “Are you crazy? 100,000 gold coins! Even greed has its limits!” 
In her heart, she cursed Lin Tian’s ancestors up to eighteen generations. 
This lowly, despicable goblin had no understanding of romance whatsoever. 
Clearly, she had been the one to initiate conversation, yet he was acting like some bandit. 
At that moment, her loathing for Lin Tian reached its peak. 
But she also realized this meant that Lin Tian’s desire for her had been fully aroused. His rogue behavior was just a sign of impatience to claim her. 
This played perfectly into her hands. 
“Hmph, can’t pay up? Then don’t blame me for squeezing the value out of you!” Lin Tian sneered, grabbing the flower fairy and heading upstairs. 
Seeing that the fairy didn’t resist much, everyone else in the tavern was dumbfounded. 
“Damn, you can do that?” 
“We had no idea what the Goblin Emperor was like. I’ve learned something today!” 
“This trick is too powerful. I’m going to try it!” 
The demi-humans and monsters around were thrilled, especially the Wild Rhino demi-human and the lizardman who had witnessed yesterday’s events. They were utterly shocked. 
The Wild Rhino demi-human marveled, “I knew yesterday wasn’t a fluke. His Goblin Majesty’s flirting skills are just too incredible! Look, there’s another hottie at the door!” 
“Huh? A Black Tiger Tribe girl? No way. Brother Rhino, you go ahead,” the lizardman said nervously when he saw a dark-skinned, sharp-toothed girl walk through the door. 
The Black Tiger Tribe was notorious for its violence, often hunting stray demi-humans and monsters outside the city for food.  
They didn’t work and were completely isolated from demi-human imperial society. 
They were truly wild and barbaric. 
But after witnessing what Lin Tian did earlier, the Wild Rhino demi-human mustered his courage and approached her, “Miss, what’s wrong?” 
Before the Black Tiger girl could respond, a bunny girl quickly whispered into the rhino’s ear, “Stay away from her. If she gets attached, it won’t end well. She comes here every day asking for drinks, but we never give her any.” 
After all, the goblins were in charge here, and Gobu Shan managed this neighborhood in particular. 
Anyone who broke the rules would face dire consequences. 
“Bang! Bang! Bang!” 
“I want a drink! I want a drink! You’ve got such a big tavern, why are you so stingy? What’s wrong with giving me just one drink!” the Black Tiger girl shouted as she slammed the counter. 
Immediately, the Wild Rhino demi-human, mimicking Lin Tian, said, “Little sister, you want a drink? I can lend you the money, but the interest is steep. Want to try?” 
Hearing the word “lend,” the Black Tiger girl’s eyes flashed with mischief, “Oh? Of course I want it. How much are you willing to lend me?” 
A normal person would ask about the interest first, but not the Black Tiger girl. 
She only cared about how much she could borrow, because she had no intention of paying it back. 
“How about this, I’ll lend you ten gold coins.” 
As he spoke, the Wild Rhino demi-human placed the coins on the table. 
In a flash, the Black Tiger girl snatched them, “Thanks! You damned filthy mutts! Pour me a drink! I want the red flame liquor!” 
Since she had paid, the bunny girls could only grit their teeth and serve her despite the insults. 
When the ten gold coins were gone, the Wild Rhino demi-human rubbed his hands together and laughed, “Little sister, let me explain the interest now. You owe me 1,000 gold coins. If you don’t pay up, don’t blame me for being ruthless! I’ll squeeze every bit of value out of you for that 1,000 gold coins! Heh heh heh!” 
The male demi-humans behind him looked at him with helpless expressions. 
Who didn’t know what the Black Tiger Tribe was like? 
All they could say was, what a waste of those ten gold coins. 
However, what no one expected was that the Black Tiger girl licked her lips and provocatively asked, “Are you sure?” 
“Absolutely sure!” 
“Snort!” 
The Wild Rhino rubbed his fists, snorting two streams of hot air from his nose in a threatening manner. 
The Black Tiger girl slowly stood up, her figure not bad at all, quite sturdy. “Alright then, at the price of ten gold coins per round. If you don’t squeeze out a thousand gold coins’ worth, I won’t stop!” 
“What the hell?!” 
“Damn, is this for real?!” 
“For real?! Did I hear that right?!” 
The seven or eight male demi-humans drinking in the back jumped up in excitement! 
Unbelievable! 
He actually managed to pick up a girl! 
The Wild Rhino’s face lit up with joy. “Great! Fantastic! Brother lizard, I’m about to lose my virginity, hahaha! Long live His Goblin Majesty!!!” 
No one thought this method would actually work. 
His gratitude toward Lin Tian reached its peak. 
But then he suddenly realized, “Wait, you said one round is worth ten gold coins, so for a thousand gold coins, that’s a hundred rounds?” 
“Mm-hmm, that’s right.” The Black Tiger girl sneered. 
The Wild Rhino swallowed hard, “Uh, do I pay in installments or all at once?” 
And that was the real issue. 
The Black Tiger girl laughed coldly, “What do you think? You paid the ten gold coins in one go, so naturally, you’ll repay this all at once too! Come on, my debtor! Hahaha!” 
Her excited laughter rang out. 
The Wild Rhino’s legs instantly turned to jelly, “No, no way, I’ll die! Help!” 
The other demi-humans felt a wave of fear in their hearts, pretending they hadn’t heard anything. 
They watched as the Black Tiger girl dragged him away. 
“Hiss! Picking up girls sure is risky… I just hope the next time we see Rhino brother, he’s still alive!” 
The Lizardman sighed in relief. 
This method was clearly unreliable. 
Even if you wanted to learn it, it depended on the person. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 249: Endurance Lost! The Strongest Beast, the Soul Devourer! 
TL: Sungmin  
“Ah!” 
Suddenly. 
The tavern was once again interrupted by a woman’s scream, shattering the drunken haze of those present. 
Everyone shook their heads and sighed. “Sigh, what envy.” 
“If it’s His Majesty, the Goblin King, he might just survive an encounter with the Black Tiger Tribe.” 
“Too bad the Wild Rhino Tribe isn’t as powerful.” 
… 
Upstairs. 
Lin Tian looked at the shattered window where Scarlett had fled once again, letting out a deep breath, feeling utterly satisfied! 
“Congratulations to the host for gaining 300 Health, 100 Attack, 100 Defense.” 
The improvement this time was decent. 
If he could have ten or eight more like this, his stat panel would be able to crush others, gaining a substantial boost in combat power. 
However, the improvements weren’t limitless. It wasn’t as if every time he mated with someone with over ten thousand combat power, he would receive the same level of attribute enhancement. 
For example, if there were two angels. 
After mating with an angel with fifteen thousand combat power, he might gain a thousand Health, three hundred Attack, and three hundred Defense. 
But with a twenty-thousand combat power angel, the increase might only be around a hundred in attributes. 
The racial factor contributed more to the boost than combat power did. 
Of course, combat power wasn’t negligible either. The stronger the opponent, the greater the improvement. 
Regardless, after unlocking a race, future gains from mating with members of that race would become progressively smaller. 
Outside the imperial city. 
Scarlett’s eyes were filled with tears of pain. “Why! Why is this happening! It hurts so much! Could my body be sick?” 
For now, she set that thought aside and hurried to heal herself. 
But upon closer inspection, there were no signs of illness. 
It was simply strange. 
“It shouldn’t be possible. Even the Flower Fairy couldn’t seduce him? What kind of races has this Goblin experienced to become so calm and restrained?” 
After the pain subsided, Scarlett fell into deep confusion. 
She couldn’t understand why her Forbidden Soul Steal technique was still ineffective on Lin Tian. 
It seemed as if he had no interest whatsoever. 
Of course. 
Lin Tian was definitely interested, but at the last moment, he adjusted his focus, his mind purely set on getting revenge against Scarlett. 
Looking back at the Goblin King City. 
Scarlett grumbled furiously, “I refuse to believe it! Next time, I’ll make you truly fall in love with me! Leaving me will make you suffer!” 
The next day. 
Lin Tian sat as usual inside Tavern No. 7, waiting for Scarlett to come to him on her own. 
“Hm? Yesterday you looked over three meters tall and as sturdy as a bull, but why have you suddenly turned into a skinny dog?” 
Seeing the Wild Rhino Tribesman behind him, Lin Tian couldn’t help but ask curiously. 
The man’s sunken eyes made him look almost like a ghost. 
A lizardman nearby answered for him, “Your Majesty, this poor fool tried to copy you by chasing after girls and ended up like this after a woman from the Black Tiger Tribe got him. Sigh.” 
“What a tragedy.” 
Lin Tian shook his head. 
Then, he returned to sitting at the bar, continuing to wait. 
As expected, soon enough, an Octopus Girl slowly walked in, though she pretended to be reserved and didn’t engage with Lin Tian right away. 
When they saw the soft, slippery Octopus Girl with her many tentacles, the nearly-dead Wild Rhino Tribesman instantly revived with full energy! 
Their eyes locked onto her, fantasizing about what it might feel like to be wrapped in those tentacles. 
“What’s been going on these past few days? So many top-tier demi-human girls in the tavern!” 
“An Octopus Tribe member? From the deep sea, no less. What’s she doing here?” 
“She’s the dream of both men and women!” 
“If she were my wife, I’d die happy!” 
“I can’t even imagine how amazing that must feel!” 
Even the bunny girls were tempted to pursue her, because who could resist a husband with so many tentacles? 
Lin Tian’s heart was bursting with excitement! 
It was truly a stroke of luck! 
Without even leaving the tavern, he could experience the most extraordinary races across the entire continent. 
He was starting to fall for Scarlett. 
But when it was time to be cautious, Lin Tian knew he had to keep his cool, or he’d certainly die. 
This time, he decided to take the initiative and strike up a conversation. 
At first, Scarlett acted reluctant, but after some persistent persuasion, she finally agreed. 
What she really wanted was for Lin Tian to take the lead, as only then could she align with the conditions of desire. 
Only then could she steal his soul! 
That night. 
The sounds coming from upstairs were strange, yet they stirred the imagination and made blood boil. 
It was just the squirming noise of octopus tentacles wriggling. 
But everyone knew what was going on. 
The drinkers fell silent like obedient students, listening intently. 
After a long while. 
That familiar scream echoed out again. 
Scarlett had fled through the window once more. 
By the window. 
Lin Tian was thoroughly pleased. However, the combat power of the Octopus Tribe demi-humans was relatively low, so even though this was the first time unlocking them, the boost wasn’t significant. 
It was negligible. 
For the next seven days. 
Scarlett continued to arrive as promised. 
And each time, she fled in disgrace! 
Anyone else would have grown more haggard by the day, but Lin Tian’s complexion improved steadily with each passing day! 
After all, who wouldn’t be happy with such treatment? 
A good mood is the best indicator of well-being. 
Scarlett poured all her lifelong skills into serving Lin Tian, clearly harboring a deep desire to kill him. 
Yet, not once did she succeed. 
Instead, Lin Tian experienced top-tier service that even the mightiest gods had likely never felt! 
She truly lived up to the title of the Lust Demon King. In that particular aspect, she was simply unmatched. 
No other woman understood men’s pleasures the way she did. 
“Combat power of over nineteen thousand, almost twenty thousand… What can I say? I can’t bring myself to kill her. If she gives up, I’ll let it go as well.” 
Watching Scarlett flee once again, Lin Tian stood by the window, musing to himself. 
In the past, whenever he spared someone, it was always for some benefit he could continue extracting from them. 
But this time, it was genuine mercy—kindness from the depths of his heart. 
Another day passed. 
Scarlett arrived once again, as expected. 
But unsurprisingly, Lin Tian once again dominated her at the final critical moment, preventing her from succeeding. 
“Ssssss!” 
Holy-type attacks corroded her body, causing thick white smoke to rise. 
“Waaahhh! I… I want to be a good woman!” 
This time, instead of fleeing, Scarlett broke down into tears, revealing her true form. 
Lin Tian paused for a moment, pretending to be shocked. “You?! The Lust Demon King? Why is it you?” 
Scarlett slowly stood up, healing her wounds, her expression filled with malice. “Goblin! I’ve had enough! I’m going to kill you! I’ll just kill you outright!” 
After suffering so many humiliations, she was finally certain—her most prized power had absolutely no effect on Lin Tian. 
But that didn’t mean she was powerless. After all, how could she be one of the Lords of Sin? 
She held control over one-seventh of the resources in the Uninhabited Zone. 
“Roar!” 
At that moment, Scarlett transformed into the form of the strongest beast—the Soul Devourer! 
She could mimic anyone—man, woman, or any creature. 
Had it not been for her lustful nature, her title would have been the Demon King of Mimicry, rather than the Demon King of Lust. 
It was only her different approach to using her abilities that shaped her persona. 
Although the combat power of the Soul Devourer typically exceeded twenty thousand, Scarlett couldn’t fully unleash its potential. 
However, she focused on the demon’s combat skills and techniques, and with her base combat power of 19,999, it was more than enough. 
In actual combat, her power would be even stronger. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 250: The Fool Turned Out to Be Me 
TL: Sungmin  
Facing the two-to-three-meter-tall monster in front of him, Lin Tian felt an overwhelming sense of dread. Most of the creature’s body was a massive, gaping mouth, filled with jagged teeth, and its sheer presence was terrifying. 
Its rough skin resembled the bark of a birch tree. 
The second floor of the tavern was creaking, on the verge of collapsing under the pressure. 
The powerful aura radiating from the creature was suffocating. 
This was a Soul Devourer, a complex monster that lived in the desolate Necromancer’s Canyon. Originally, it was a wandering undead, but after devouring other undead, it slowly evolved into a physical form. 
Until it became what stood before them now. 
Like a type of parasitic evolution, any creature that could transform into a Soul Devourer was immensely powerful. 
It didn’t even need to attack. Any living being within its vicinity would suffer continuous soul assaults. 
If exposed to it for too long, one’s soul could be frightened into fleeing their body. 
Which would essentially result in instant death. 
Seeing this, Lin Tian couldn’t help but curse, “You slut, you’ve really gone so far as to mess with something like this?” 
The Lust Demon King had a short-lived ability to mimic others, but to permanently record someone’s form, she needed to engage in an intimate act with them. 
Once that was done, she could transform into that person at will. 
“Hmph, the desire for beauty and the desire for power are both forms of lust. What’s the difference? Soon, you’ll understand why I did this!” Scarlett said, her voice laced with contempt, and then suddenly swung her fist. 
Crack! 
The entire tavern finally gave way, collapsing into rubble. 
Lin Tian quickly leaped into the street, and the others, having heard the commotion, had already fled. 
Suddenly. 
While watching the debris, Lin Tian felt a chill down his spine. At some point, Scarlett had appeared behind him. 
Without hesitation, he used Ruinous Howl to create distance between them! 
Surprisingly, Scarlett barely flinched, only rippling like water, without losing consciousness or even blinking. 
“You fool. The Soul Devourer might have a physical body, but physical attacks won’t work on me!” she sneered. 
Upon hearing this, Lin Tian understood. While it had evolved, it was still essentially an undead, though far more powerful than regular undead. 
“Come out. Deal with her properly,” Lin Tian commanded. 
At his words, goblins began emerging from the shadows around him, their bodies radiating a powerful holy energy. 
Holy Light Goblins! 
In the past, Lin Tian had no effective way to deal with undead monsters. Goblins lacked mages. 
But now, thanks to the queen, he had a brood of Holy Light Goblins at his disposal, compensating for that weakness. 
Even though they were low-tier goblins, untrained and underdeveloped, they had numbers on their side. 
“You tricked me?! You knew it was me this whole time?!” Scarlett’s face twisted with rage as she realized what had happened. 
Lin Tian suppressed a mocking smile, “Cough, cough. I really wanted to thank you, but I also had to be prepared for your betrayal.” 
From the start, he had anticipated her sudden betrayal, so he had hidden these goblin soldiers in advance. 
Hearing this. 
Scarlett was enraged and humiliated, realizing that she had been nothing more than a fool, serving herself up to be used and discarded. 
What infuriated her even more was that each time she had endured agonizing pain, it had all been in vain—he had known all along! He had just been toying with her! 
“Bastard! In all my millennia, I’ve encountered many bastards, but none as despicable as you goblins! I’ll exterminate every last one of you!!!” 
Swish! 
In her furious roar, Scarlett’s body morphed like clay, transforming into countless sharp spikes that shot out in all directions! 
The surrounding buildings were reduced to ashes! 
Hundreds, if not thousands, of Holy Light Goblins perished in the onslaught! 
But immediately, more goblins swarmed toward her. 
They completely engulfed her! 
The sizzling sound of her searing power echoed from within the mass of goblins. 
Lin Tian watched from a distance, reluctant to intervene. He couldn’t help but feel bad—he had used her for so long, gaining incredible power from it, and seeing her cry out in pain each time had made him feel a twinge of guilt. 
For the first time, he realized just how cruel he had become. 
But unexpectedly, even though more and more goblins rushed at her, their numbers dwindled rapidly! 
The Soul Devourer was growing larger and larger! 
It had been only two or three meters tall moments ago, but now it stood as tall as a building—over ten meters! 
From within the Soul Devourer, ghostly hands emerged, grabbing the approaching goblins and pulling them into its body to devour and absorb! 
Not only did it devour their souls, but it also consumed their physical forms, growing stronger with each bite. 
The low-tier Holy Light Goblins’ attacks were nothing more than a mild irritation to it. 
Scarlett sneered, “Is that all the soldiers you have? Keep them coming! Make me even stronger!” 
“Bleh!” 
She spat out a torrent of souls. 
These were the goblins she had just consumed, and they began spreading throughout the city, capturing other creatures to bring back for her to devour. 
Lin Tian frowned. This was quickly becoming a huge problem. 
He hadn’t expected to underestimate her this much. 
However, having grown to this point, it was clear that even if he fought her directly, he still wouldn’t be able to kill her. 
“Your Majesty, Lin Tian, leave this to me.” 
Suddenly, a familiar voice rang out. 
In the dark, deserted street, Alice’s figure slowly appeared. 
As the souls rushed toward her, a flash of her sword sliced through them, reducing them to wisps of smoke. 
Lin Tian snapped to attention, realizing that he had almost forgotten they had a powerful magic swordswoman in their ranks!  
A warrior who wielded incredibly strong holy powers alongside several formidable sword techniques! 
Seeing this, Scarlett sneered mockingly. “Oh? Is it you? The saintess who slept with goblins? Little girl, why not join me instead? I can give you pleasure far beyond what any goblin could offer! A sensation you can’t even imagine!” 
Scarlett continued, her voice dripping with twisted amusement, “Even if you like goblins, I can turn into one and play with you~ I can become an orc, a troll, an angel, a human. Tall, thin, fat, short, big, small! Whatever you want!” 
However, Alice’s expression remained unchanged.  
Cold and emotionless, just like the moonlight shining down that night. 
“World-class Sword Skill: Final Chapter Sword Song!” 
Voom! 
The hum of magical energy spread through the air, vibrating the entire space. 
An unnamed, awe-inspiring orchestral BGM filled the world, high-pitched and tragic! 
Above Scarlett, five massive magic circles formed, blotting out the sky! 
From the circles descended an immense pressure, searing and overwhelming! 
The very earth trembled under its force! 
Suddenly, a blazing greatsword, burning with fiery light, plummeted from the heavens! It looked like an apocalypse sword, ready to cleanse the world. 
Seeing this, Scarlett let out a disdainful laugh, “Physical attacks? I’m immune to th—” 
Boom! Boom! Boom! 
The giant sword struck, shaking Goblin King’s city as if a magnitude-ten earthquake had hit. People were nearly knocked unconscious from the force! 
Scarlett was completely consumed by the sword. Lin Tian could see her body being crushed, exploding from every direction as it was pulverized! 
Even though she was immune to physical damage, the sheer force still caused her to burst apart. 
The sword’s power continued to rage on. 
Lin Tian quickly called out, “That’s enough, Alice! If you keep going, the entire city will be destroyed!” 
Hearing this. 
Alice finally stopped her magic. 
Before them lay a crater several hundred meters wide, as if a meteor had struck. Everything in its path had been reduced to dust under the pressure of the sword. 
At that moment. 
The scattered fragments of the Soul Devourer, blown apart across the area, began moving.  
In no time, they started merging again! 
You can read extra chapters at <a href="https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/">Etude Translations</a> linked to Patreon! <a href="https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/">https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/</a> 
If you have any questions about updates, join our Discord: <a href="https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC">https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC</a> 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 251: What? Justice is Actually Me! 
TL: Sungmin 
“This move is indeed powerful, but I already told you—physical attacks are useless against me!” Scarlett said proudly, restoring herself to her previous state. 
“Swish!” 
In the blink of an eye, a dazzling golden sword qi slashed out! 
Even the fabric of space seemed to tear apart! 
It split Scarlett directly in two. 
The dark night lit up with a blinding radiance. 
This time, it was a pure Holy Light magic attack, completely countering the soul-eating creature, leaving it no chance to regenerate. 
It died instantly. 
Scarlett never would have thought she’d meet her end so swiftly, so decisively! 
If only she hadn’t boasted about her immunity to physical attacks! 
But alas, anyone who believes they’re invincible will always reveal their hand—such is human nature. 
Alice stood there, holding her ominous blade, her gaze filled with cold resolve. 
There was also an unspoken, striking grace that only a true swordsman possessed. 
This time, all that training hadn’t been wasted. 
She had fully mastered her strength, her combat power rating soaring past twenty thousand. 
One could say she was now the most formidable single combatant in the Uninhabited Zone. 
“Whoa, whoa, whoa! What happened here? Has Lady Alice gotten this strong in just a few days? It’s giving me that unsettling feeling again!” said the One-Eyed Owl, who had rushed over, arriving just in time to witness the scene, feeling a chill run through her. 
That feeling you get when facing an opponent against whom you have absolutely no chance. 
Osius and the others watched in utter fascination, their eyes filled with admiration. “So beautiful, so powerful, so gallant! My goddess, Lady Alice!” 
Even the watching monsters and demi-humans were chanting Alice’s name. 
“Oh, how lucky His Majesty is! If Lady Alice would just look at me with favor once, I’d die happy!” 
“Those eyes of hers, they just leave me groveling like a dog!” 
“As expected of my goddess!” 
“Long live Lady Alice!!!” 
However— 
Alice remained composed, though a hint of surprise flashed in her beautiful eyes. “Your Majesty, she’s not dead yet.” 
“Whoosh!” 
She said this while leaping quickly across the rooftops! 
In a flash, she charged toward Scarlett, who had reverted to her original form! 
“World-Class Magic! Otherworldly Mist!” 
“Shhh!” 
Scarlett conjured several magic circles, and in the blink of an eye, a dense mist burst forth! 
Her entire body vanished within it. 
And this mist spread over dozens of kilometers, soon covering a significant portion of the Goblin Empire. 
Lin Tian furrowed his brows. “Damn! How did I forget about this!” 
Indeed, fighting someone of a Great Demon King’s caliber was no easy feat. Each powerful move was followed by another, and they were all incredibly clever! 
They knew precisely how to use and combine their skills. 
After thousands of years, their skill proficiency far exceeded the norm. 
The demi-human and monster spectators were taken aback by this thick fog. 
But soon, the mist began to dissipate. 
And with the mist, Scarlett had also disappeared. 
Alice said coolly, “I’ll pursue her!” 
“I’ll go too. There are so many people outside; with more of us, it’ll be easier to track her down!” suggested the One-Eyed Owl and others. 
Lin Tian, however, raised a hand to stop them. “No, she definitely hasn’t fled outside the city. She’s not that foolish, nor would she just let this go…” 
Humiliated in front of everyone, furious beyond reason. 
There’s no way Scarlett would back down without killing him. 
After all, the opponent was a Great Demon King who had lived for thousands of years—someone who never practiced restraint. 
Among the crowd of demi-humans and monsters on the streets and rooftops— 
Scarlett had already disguised herself as a male long-armed ape, blending into the crowd. 
Coldly, she thought to herself, “So, you guessed right. If I don’t kill you today, I won’t return to the Uninhabited Zone! No one can save you!” 
At that moment, Alice spoke up. “So, she’s transformed into one of the other demi-humans or monsters in the crowd, and we can’t tell who…” 
“Why would we need to tell them apart?” 
Lin Tian’s eyes narrowed, filled with icy resolve as he surveyed the hundreds of demi-humans and monsters gathering to watch. 
Though he’d always worked hard to maintain his image, never letting others think of him as a tyrant— 
The truth was, he’d never claimed to be a good person. 
And now, the Uninhabited Zone was entirely his. 
What was it to kill a few hundred demi-humans and monsters? 
If he wanted, he could wipe them all out. 
Instantly, a large number of goblins gathered, surrounding all the demi-humans and monsters present. 
Upon seeing this, the demi-humans and monsters were horrified, every hair standing on end. 
Something wasn’t right. 
“Your Majesty, what-what does this mean?! I’m not an enemy! I came as soon as your empire opened up!” 
“Don’t kill me! I’m your loyal fan, Your Majesty! You can’t just slaughter innocents; that’s far too cruel!” 
“A tyrant! I thought you were a good person, but now you’re going to commit indiscriminate slaughter? Despicable!” 
“I’ll haunt you even in death! Damn goblin!!!” 
“I don’t want to die, please! Your Majesty, spare me, I’m begging you!” 
In an instant, the surrounded demi-humans and monsters spoke up. 
Some begged for mercy, while others, resigned, cursed openly. 
They knew Lin Tian’s ways all too well. 
They understood there was no chance of survival. 
Lin Tian’s gaze swept over them, his eyes devoid of hesitation or doubt. 
If he didn’t eliminate Scarlett now, he’d be placing himself in grave danger. 
She would no longer try to enslave his soul; she’d aim to kill him outright. 
Who could sleep soundly with an enemy who could transform into one’s bedfellow? 
He gave the command, “Alice, do it.” 
“Mm,” Alice responded calmly, channeling holy energy into the Ominous Blade. 
The light grew brighter, like the grim reaper’s scythe gleaming in the darkness. 
The crowd of demi-humans and monsters sobbed in terror, dropping to their knees and pleading for mercy, their cries heart-wrenching. 
Lin Tian barely registered their pleas. “I’m still being merciful, you see. Letting Alice handle you all means you won’t feel pain when you die.” 
“Despicable beast!!” came the anguished, despairing cries. 
“Swish!” 
With a swift motion, a radiant sword qi infused with holy power slashed forth! 
It cleaved through hundreds of demi-humans and monsters, severing them at the waist. 
Blood sprayed into the air, a fountain of crimson rising several meters high. 
Even the nearby goblin soldiers were not spared. 
The severed bodies on the ground stared at Lin Tian with venomous, resentful eyes, their gazes unblinking in death. 
Lin Tian, however, paid them no mind. 
Instead, he surveyed the corpses of the demi-humans and monsters, confirming they were all dead. 
From afar, other demi-humans and monsters watching this scene felt an icy fear pierce their spines; without a second thought, they turned and fled, not daring to come near. 
The One-Eyed Owl clicked her tongue and remarked, “You’ve got quite the ruthless streak, huh? But I like this way of handling things! Direct and brutal! So, did you manage to kill her?” 
“Hsss—” 
In the pile of corpses, white smoke rose from the body of an ape-like demi-human. 
Slowly, it morphed back into Scarlett’s form—now split in two! 
Her face twisted in pain and fury. “You! You maniac! Pervert! Tyrant! I thought we Demon Lords were brutal enough, but you’re the real demon! You even kill your own kind?!” 
Blood trickled continuously from her mouth as she spoke. 
“How can a monster like you exist in this world? I swear, I will kill you. Not just for revenge—but for the peace and stability of the world! You evil goblin!” 
“Sshhh!” 
Mist billowed forth again! 
Clinging to her last breath, Scarlett activated *Boundless Lust*, transforming into a winged magical creature and hurtling toward the Uninhabited Zone. 
Her body, for the moment, reformed completely. 
But her severe injuries would soon render the spell ineffective, and she’d revert to two severed halves unless someone healed her. 
Her destination, however, was the other Lords of Sin. 
“I’ll make you witness the true power of a Sin Lord!” 
Among the Seven Great Demon Kings, her combat strength was actually the weakest, as she was never truly skilled in battle. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 252: Ultimate Domination, Nanavis 
TL: Sungmin 
In the Uninhabited Zone. 
Scarlett was barely holding on, urgently in need of healing. 
She flew unsteadily, finally crashing toward a vast, shadowy palace below. 
She tumbled through a window, landing in the center of the grand hall. 
Due to her injuries, her magic was incredibly unstable. 
Her form flickered in and out, shifting between imitation and true body. 
Suddenly! 
A powerful oppressive force surged, striking her very soul! 
Even for a demon, even for a Great Demon King, facing this many Demon King-level creatures brought fear. 
On either side of the hall stood Demon Kings in formation! 
Tall, short, thin, and stout—more than a dozen, in fact! 
In the wilderness, a single Devil Mantis Demon King would be able to dominate a whole region, but here it was merely a street thug. 
On the high throne at the far end, a girl dressed in a black gown sat quietly. 
With her slender hand propping her head, she gazed at the hall’s center with contempt and disgust. 
She spoke coldly, “Scarlett? I don’t want your filthy, disgusting body defiling my floor! Get out immediately, or… I’ll kill you!” 
A wicked red gleam flashed through her arrogant eyes. 
This was the overlord of this territory, the Sin of Pride. 
Her name: Nanavis. 
Holder of the strongest combat power among the Seven Lords of Sin, the undisputed Great Demon King. 
[Nanavis: Lv100<br/>
Race: Hybrid (Human and Demon)<br/>
Profession: Death Priestess<br/>
Titles: Sin of Pride, Sinful Hybrid, Tyrant…<br/>
Health: 4100<br/>
Strength: 1720<br/>
Defense: 990<br/>
Skills: Ultimate Domination, Sins’ Cleansing, Demonic Avatar…<br/>
Equipment: None<br/>
Overall: 21,999] 
“Nana, please save me! I’m dying! My body—it’s been severed in two…” 
Scarlett’s face was twisted with pain as she spoke urgently. 
Her body flickered weakly, barely holding itself together, already visibly split into halves. 
The surrounding Demon Kings shifted slightly, sympathy evident in their expressions. 
But none dared to speak. They barely moved their eyes, remaining like statues. 
The temper of this Great Demon King of Pride, Nanavis, was notoriously vile. 
Immediately, Nanavis sneered. “You’re dying? What’s that got to do with me? And you’ve left your filthy bloodstains all over my floor! I’ll kill you for that!” 
Scarlett was on the verge of tears, desperation in her voice. “Nana, please, don’t be like this. I came here to seek your help. I beg you, please, save me—I don’t want to die!” 
“Hmph. Then act like you’re begging me.” Nanavis laughed playfully. 
Upon hearing this, Scarlett forced herself to kneel in the center of the hall, suppressing her pain and the agony of her nearly split body. 
Sweat drenched her bangs as she trembled through the pain and spoke, “I… I humbly beg you, Lady Nanavis, to save me. Save my filthy, wretched body…” 
Even after all this— 
Nanavis looked irritated. “If that’s the best you can do, I think you’re better off dead.” 
To an outsider, it might have looked like a meeting between mortal enemies. 
In reality, they had been neighbors for thousands of years and had fought side by side more than once. 
“I… I really can’t go on! My magic is almost exhausted. My body will split in two any moment now, and I’ll die!” Scarlett’s face twisted further in pain. 
Nanavis gave a casual, mocking smile. “Heh, well then, if you bow to me a hundred times, I’ll save you.” 
A hundred bows? 
Hearing this demand felt worse to Scarlett than death itself! 
Her heart felt like it had shattered. 
Even the other Demon Kings were visibly uncomfortable. 
At last, the Devil Mantis Demon King couldn’t hold back and spoke up, “Lady Nana, please help her. After all, she once fought alongside us. And if she dies here, it wouldn’t be easy to explain to the Demon God…” 
But as soon as he finished, he regretted it. 
“Did I give you permission to speak?” 
Nanavis’s eyes glowed with a crimson light as sharp as laser beams. 
She locked her gaze on the Devil Mantis Demon King. 
She slowly picked up a vibrant red apple from the table beside her. 
“Splat!” 
With a light squeeze, the apple burst. 
And as the apple shattered, so did the Devil Mantis Demon King’s heart! 
This was why she was known as the strongest among the Seven Overlords. 
The Mythic-class skill Ultimate Domination. 
It allowed her to control any creature weaker than her in both level and strength, bending them completely to her will. 
And if she wished to kill, she killed. If she wished to resurrect, even a dead skeleton could be brought back to life. 
However, the downside was the enormous mana consumption, allowing her to use it at most twice. 
Many of these Demon Kings had followed her purely out of fear. In the beginning, there had been as many as thirty of them. 
Now, only a little over ten remained, as the others had all been killed. 
And now, the Devil Mantis Demon King, once the strongest among them, had perished as well. 
But to Nanavis, these Demon Kings were nothing more than pawns, mere toys for her amusement. 
“Bang!” 
“Bang!” 
“Bang!” 
In the great hall, the sounds of Scarlett kowtowing her head echoed. 
Ignoring everything else, she desperately began to bow, fulfilling Nanavis’s demand. 
Finally, as her magic faded and her body threatened to split in two, she gritted her teeth and completed the last bow with her half-body. 
Seeing this, Nanavis smiled in satisfaction and extended her slender hand toward the shattered apple on the ground. 
She linked its fragments to Scarlett’s mana. 
Then, she activated Ultimate Domination. 
The broken apple began to reform, fusing back together, while Scarlett’s cold corpse began to recover and knit itself whole once more. 
“Gasp!” 
Scarlett, once dead, sucked in a breath of air as she came back to life. 
She could hardly believe she’d actually been resurrected. 
However, the memory of Nanavis’s behavior filled her with dread; it was disturbingly reminiscent of that Goblin. 
They were both maniacs! 
“Well, speak up—how did you end up in this condition?” Nanavis asked indifferently, biting into the apple. 
Watching her take a bite made Scarlett’s heart tremble; she was terrified that she might be ‘bitten’ to death herself. This feeling of being under someone else’s control was utterly despairing and helpless. 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 253: Lords Gather, Kill the Goblin! 
TL: Sungmin 
Scarlett quickly spoke up, saying, “In the wilderness, a goblin has established an empire. They’re strong—practically madmen! If my lord is willing, it would be best to kill them sooner, lest, lest…” 
Suddenly! 
A crimson gaze bore into Scarlett, making every hair on her body stand on end! 
Nanavis fixed her with an uncomprehending, furious look. “You… say that again??” 
The terrifying aura she exuded! 
Not even the aura from killing the Devil Mantis Demon King was half as intense! 
Everyone present felt as though a massive weight pressed down on their hearts, almost halting their very heartbeat! 
Even their thighs couldn’t stop trembling. 
“It—it was my mistake, Lady Nanavis! I’ll leave, I’ll leave right now!”  
Scarlett, shaking in fear, crawled backward on her knees, desperate to escape! 
“Bang!” 
But in the next second, the door seemed to slam shut, held fast by some invisible force. 
Nanavis’s icy voice rang out, “You want me to go kill a goblin? And… one of those goblins from the wilderness, no less? Are you insulting me?” 
Arrogant! 
Scarlett’s forehead was slick with sweat; she had forgotten how proud the other woman was! 
Was she really about to die right after being resurrected? 
“Enough, get out of here! Killing you would be an insult to myself.” Nanavis said in disgust. 
After all, she’d already used Ultimate Domination twice, so if she wanted to kill again, she’d have to do it in person. 
That would be beneath her. 
Escaping the castle by the skin of her teeth, Scarlett’s body was drenched in cold sweat! 
Terrifying! 
Compared to Lin Tian, Nanavis was far more frightening! 
But Lin Tian—she absolutely had to kill him. 
Without returning to her own domain, she headed directly to another Lord of Sin’s location. 
Soon, she came upon a barren wasteland, desolate to the point of despair, without even a single tree or blade of grass in sight. 
This was the territory of the Demon King of Gluttony. 
Just by consuming food, he could enhance his combat power; he had no sense of taste and could devour anything. 
Even attacks and skills could be eaten. 
However… 
Scarlett hadn’t come here specifically to seek his help but to rally all the Lords of Sin—except for Pride—and inform them about the goblin. 
The Six Lords of Sin. 
It had been centuries since they had all gathered together. 
Now, they assembled in Scarlett’s Monster Town. 
… 
The Palace of Lust. 
What drew even more attention than the six Demon Kings were the obscene murals on the palace walls, full of indecent imagery and poses. 
It was practically a paradise of instruction for men. 
Every conceivable, previously unimaginable scenario could be found there. 
But the Demon King of Gluttony, occupied with the blood and meat feast Scarlett had prepared, paid them no mind. 
Though named Gluttony, his appearance defied expectation. 
Tall and thin, with gaunt cheeks, he relished his meal, his mouth dripping with blood and juices. His skin was ashen, like that of a long-dead corpse. 
“So, you called us all here for this? A goblin?” 
The muscular woman seated on the right side of the table grumbled in a displeased tone. Her figure was lean yet muscular, with every line of her muscles visible. She bore a striking resemblance to the One-Eyed Owl. 
However, she was not human, but a demon. 
Beside her rested an enormous axe, leaning against the palace wall, looking as if it would collapse from the weight. The weapon was at least four or five meters long. With a single strike, it seemed capable of bringing down heaven and earth. 
She was none other than the Demon King of Wrath, Hir. 
Scarlett, looking a bit aggrieved, replied, “Of course you wouldn’t believe me, but what if I told you that this goblin could even see through my disguise?” 
Hearing this, Hir scratched her head thoughtfully. “Huh? Now that’s something. I honestly can’t tell your disguises apart at all!” 
Back when they fought against the Demigod Empire, they had fought side by side. 
Scarlett’s tricks had frequently left Hir bewildered. 
“Oh, darling~ I think you’re just overreacting to the goblin’s petty tricks. They’re a lowly species, sly as they may be~” 
Beside Hir, a man dressed in a Western-style suit, gentlemanly in appearance, commented. His eyes gleamed with malice. 
He was the Demon King of Greed, Ladrick. 
Scarlett quickly replied, “Ladrick, I know you’re confident in your own mind, but this goblin is truly exceptional! Cunning, foresight, decisiveness—all top tier!” 
Ladrick shrugged and fell silent. 
In their battles against the Demigod Empire, his strategic mind had proven invaluable, earning him a reputation as a formidable rival second only to Pride. 
Though he had never truly demonstrated his power, he had easily toyed with the lives of millions. Meanwhile… 
A faint snoring sound began to fill the hall. 
At the table, a female demon was fast asleep, one sharp fang peeking out and a blissful smile on her face, as if she was lost in a sweet dream. Her twin ponytails gave her an innocent look, completely misleading. 
She was none other than Winnie, the Demon King of Sloth, whose strength ranked just below that of the proud Nanavis. 
Like the others, she wielded mythic-level magic, possessing an absurdly overpowered ability. 
“So you’re saying a lowly goblin has managed to conquer the entire wilderness?” 
From the end of the table, a voice full of malice and envy spoke up. 
It was the Demon King of Envy, Gallows. 
His gloomy face made his appearance menacing to behold. 
The envy in his gaze seemed to declare that anyone who dared offend him would be killed without hesitation! 
Scarlett felt a wave of physical revulsion toward him but managed to respond, albeit hesitantly. “Y-yes, that’s right.” 
Gallows’s mouth twisted in contempt. “A species so vile and base could possess such power? So, what’s the plan? Kill him, then slaughter all his followers? And after that, round up everything in the wilderness as our food supply?” 
Scarlett was struck speechless. 
She had originally just wanted to deal with Lin Tian for her revenge, perhaps kill a few of his close followers. 
But now, after hearing Gallows speak, she wasn’t even sure what to do anymore. 
From the depths of her heart, she despised that goblin. 
The others felt similarly, each remaining silent. 
“I’m asking you all a question! Or… do all of you have something to say to me?!” Gallows demanded with a twisted scowl, his bloodshot eyes bulging menacingly. 
It was like a blatant, open threat. 
The Demon King of Wrath, Hir, shot back coldly, “Don’t you dare show me that disgusting face! I’m not afraid of you!” 
“Crack!” 
Her fists clenched, knuckles popping. 
The atmosphere became like a ticking bomb, ready to ignite at any moment! 
The Demon King of Gluttony continued to devour his meal but showed signs of agitation as well, cutting the meat with intense force. He was always ravenous, hence his gaunt frame. 
The Demon King of Greed, however, sat in composed silence, watching with a mocking smile. 
And the Demon King of Sloth was still fast asleep. 
At last, Scarlett broke the tension. “Enough, we’re all on the same side. This goblin is a threat to the stability of the Uninhabited Zone. So, I propose that we kill him and suppress the wilderness, just as we did over a thousand years ago.” 
A thousand years ago, the Uninhabited Zone had already “cleansed” the wilderness. 
They had killed, burned, and destroyed powers. 
The aim was to prevent any strong human forces from rising there, avoiding the threat of being attacked from both sides. 
Since that cleansing, the wilderness had been left in ruins, no longer a threat to anyone. 
And that was why it was known as the “wilderness.” 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 254: Completion of the Full Moon-Class Magic Tool 
TL: Sungmin 
Yet— 
No one in the Hall of Lust responded. 
Only the sounds of Gluttony’s chewing and Sloth’s snoring filled the air. 
Scarlett’s expression darkened slightly. “Everyone, that territory is no longer a wilderness. It’s rich in resources, with humans, monsters, and orderly management. If we take it over, we can indulge there as we please!” 
“Or do you all want to watch a mere goblin stand on equal footing with you in the future? If he grows strong enough, he’ll surely be recruited by that lord!” 
Her voice bristled with urgency. 
Only the Demon King of Envy, Gallows, responded. “I’m in! Kill that filthy, lowly goblin! I’ll take everything from him!” 
Yet he stood alone. Scarlett’s face remained stormy. 
More importantly, she loathed the idea of associating with the Demon King of Envy. 
It left her physically and mentally uncomfortable. 
Hir, the Demon King of Wrath, replied with indifference, “I don’t think it matters if he’s a goblin or not. If he really catches that lord’s eye, it won’t affect me.” 
“I won’t participate in this pathetic game.” The Demon King of Greed, Ladrick, also spoke nonchalantly. 
Having long enjoyed their days of ease, they felt no interest in battles or territories. 
Each followed their own desires. 
Recently, Ladrick only craved greater knowledge to strengthen himself, not petty desires for money or territory. 
Gluttony eventually muttered, “Unlike that arrogant Nanavis, I don’t mind if a goblin is on my level. Even if he’s inferior, it doesn’t concern me.” 
As long as he could keep eating, Gluttony felt content. 
Constant hunger plagued him, leaving him no time for other pursuits. 
Unless, of course, their superior commanded it. 
As for the slothful Winnie… 
Scarlett had long given up on convincing her to help. Winnie could manipulate dreams at will, achieving anything within them. For her, dreams felt as real as waking life, so she spent her days asleep. 
“You… all of you!” Scarlett faltered, growing furious. 
The others raised their brows, staring icily at her. 
At last— 
Scarlett couldn’t contain herself and pleaded, “Fine, consider this a favor to me! Help me kill that wretched goblin! You don’t know how I was used by that creature for ten days. I tried everything I could to please him, only to end up torn in two. If Lady Nana hadn’t saved me, I’d be dead!” 
Her words stirred a flicker of surprise among them. 
No one had expected the Demon King of Lust herself to go so far to please anyone! Quite the scandal. 
Ladrick the Greedy chuckled. “Well, well. No wonder you’re like this. All right, if I have the time, I’ll go check out that wilderness.” 
“I’ll go too. If that creature annoys me, I might help you dispose of him.” Wrath Demon King Hir spoke with his usual indifference. 
In the corner, Gallows, the Demon King of Envy, sneered sinisterly. “Heh heh, Scarlett, if I kill him, would you become a flower fairy to please me just once?” 
Scarlett had felt a glimmer of hope, but Gallows’ leering gaze and vile tone left her deeply uncomfortable. 
Stammering, she gave no answer. 
“Why are you hesitating? You’d rather please a goblin than me?” Gallows’ anger flared, a glimpse of his madness showing. 
Scarlett felt a tinge of fear, uncertain how to respond. 
This only solidified Gallows’ determination to kill Lin Tian. 
He stormed out with a twisted snarl. “How dare you prefer him to me! I’ll kill him right now!” 
“Well, well. I didn’t expect you’d start scheming, dear Scarlett. That kind of crazed fool is easy to manipulate,” Ladrick smirked. 
Scarlett managed a half-laugh. “Yes… who would’ve thought…” 
Her words had unwittingly ignited Gallows’ rage. 
A lucky miscalculation. 
… 
Goblin Empire, Goblin King City 
Lin Tian had already disposed of the bodies of the demi-humans and monsters he’d slain, claiming they’d been killed by creatures from the Uninhabited Zone. 
Anyone doubting him could come forward and question him directly. 
Even those who knew he’d given the kill order dared not voice any objections. 
No other place on this continent matched the Goblin King City for survival. 
The city had now expanded to almost the size of an entire empire! 
Whereas a normal empire’s territory spanned a few hundred kilometers, the Goblin Empire’s royal city alone now stretched over a hundred kilometers! 
Various demi-humans and monsters competed for a place within its borders. 
Some even went to great lengths to flatter Lin Tian, all for a single plot of land. 
Rare and strange items poured in endlessly. 
Due to a new system Lin Tian had implemented for handling land plots, a plot priced at ten thousand gold coins quickly inflated to over a hundred thousand through speculation. 
Many who couldn’t afford it tried to go through back channels, hoping Lin Tian would gift them a plot. 
However, this malicious behavior soon backfired, leading to a collective refusal to buy any plots. Lin Tian had no choice but to sell at the original price, abandoning any further speculation. 
He couldn’t help but marvel at how this kind of real estate manipulation from his past life on Earth, when applied here, was too ruthless—even for monsters. 
… 
In the Goblin Hall, 
Lin Tian sighed in boredom and muttered to himself, “Those three… Why is it taking them so long to find a few Goblin Kings?” 
A month had already passed. 
It was almost impossible they’d been ambushed or killed, as their strength allowed them to roam the Uninhabited Zone freely. 
Even if they encountered something stronger, it would likely treat them with respect. 
At that moment— 
Bill’s voice echoed from outside the hall. “Here it is! Freshly forged magic gear!” 
He’d come to report on the newly crafted Full Moon-class magic items. 
“Take a look,” he said, unveiling a set of armor, a knuckle duster, and a blood-red spear. 
The overwhelming magical energy radiating from the items filled the entire hall, nearly suffocating. 
Lin Tian’s eyebrows lifted in surprise. “Wasn’t it just supposed to be a set of armor and a knuckle duster? Why is there a spear, too?” 
Bill grinned proudly, his mustache practically curling in satisfaction. “While mining for materials, we stumbled upon some Bloodstone. I figured, why not forge you a Blood Spear as well? It’s also Full Moon-class.” 
Bloodstone was an incredibly rare mineral. 
Legend had it that it formed from the blood of a million people seeping into the earth, where it merged into Bloodstone over a thousand years. 
Lin Tian walked down from his throne, grasped Bill’s hand firmly, and said excitedly, “Master, I’ll make sure you’re a ‘great master’ today! The royal consort selection is happening, right? Consider yourself included!” 
Hearing the answer he’d been hoping for, Bill’s beard quivered with excitement. “Hahaha! You’re too kind, Your Majesty Lin Tian. It’s an honor to craft gear for you. When is it happening? I’d like to go prepare!” 
For him, this wasn’t just a game—he was looking to get married for real. 
Given his age and unmarried status, he genuinely wanted a wife, one to share a life with. 
Lin Tian clapped him on the shoulder. “Don’t worry; everything will be arranged for you. Now, tell me—what’s different about this Full Moon-class gear?” 
 
 
 --- 
 
Chapter 255: Blood Spear, The Final Requiem! 
TL: Sungmin 
“Sure. When comparing world-class magical artifacts, adding only a single refining material is enough. But for a Full Moon-class artifact, you’d need to incorporate eighteen different materials, each with unique properties that don’t clash with one another.” 
“Take this Blood Spear, for example,” Bill explained meticulously. “I combined materials like giant rhino horn, dragon scales, Garuda feathers, island turtle shell, and other resilient components…” 
Lin Tian didn’t care much about these forging techniques. After all, he now owned the entire dwarven clan. 
No need to learn it himself. 
Instead, he asked, “What I mean is, what’s the main difference between the power of Full Moon-class artifacts and world-class ones?” 
Hearing this, Bill continued his explanation. “World-class artifacts hold only three magical effects, whereas Full Moon-class can carry seven. Plus, as a weapon, the materials used are significantly tougher.” 
“Seven magical effects? What does this Blood Spear possess?” Lin Tian pressed on. 
Bill picked up the Blood Spear and explained, “For a proper demonstration, we’d need a real battlefield. But here’s the gist: it can store the blood of your enemies to heal your wounds without shortening your lifespan.  
Plus, since your blood weakens enemies, every strike allows your blood to enter their bodies through the spear. You can control the amount, just like a snake injecting venom.  
And most importantly, anyone struck by the Blood Spear suffers a wound that can’t heal and continues bleeding—even healing magic is powerless against it. It’s true it no longer summons lightning attacks, but honestly, in combat, that feature was losing its effectiveness.  
Besides these three magical abilities, it also has a remote control function. 
The remaining three abilities? They’re more ordinary, so we can ignore them.” 
Hearing this, Lin Tian felt reasonably satisfied, considering it was a weapon tailored just for him. 
He could now control a substantial dose of his cursed blood to inject into his foes. 
This would directly suppress any angelic awakening, forcing them into a state of final judgment. 
Last time, the angel Javier managed to activate her Ultimate Judgment, simply because the spear tip held only a trace of the cursed blood. 
That was nearly disastrous. 
“Damn, I don’t even know how to thank you. How are you holding up? If you’re up for it, I’ll let you choose a few consorts if you like!” Lin Tian remarked. 
But Bill didn’t seem particularly thrilled; instead, he looked a bit let down. “I… no, one’s enough for me.” 
Seeing his expression, Lin Tian added, “Hey, man, I get it! I didn’t want to wound your pride before, so I didn’t mention it. If it’s really an issue, I’ll help you get a new kidney later!” 
He said this— 
But then heard no response from Bill. 
Turning around, he saw Bill was already weeping uncontrollably. 
“Your Majesty Lin Tian, I really don’t know how to thank you! If possible, I’d like a donkey’s kidney because the one we raised back home managed seven female donkeys and still had energy to spare! Boohoo!” Bill, his eyes brimming with gratitude, spoke with deep emotion. 
For a moment, Lin Tian couldn’t help but chuckle. “Alright, alright. By the way, what about the Full Moon-class gear for the One-Eyed Owl?” 
A helmet, chest plate, boots, and knuckle dusters. 
Just these four pieces. 
Wiping his aged tears, Bill explained, “I named this armor the Boiling Blood Armor. Given her love for fighting, it’s crafted with the core of the Devil’s Greatflower, so it lowers pain, enhances muscle strength, and boosts heart rate, among other effects. 
To what extent, you ask? Well, you’re probably aware of what happens to anyone under the Devil’s Greatflower’s influence. 
And even though it’s light armor, its design allows for effective blocking and defense. The defensive capability is exceptional—Blood Spear won’t be able to penetrate it if blocked. Only a direct strike could bypass it.” 
Lin Tian nodded as he listened. 
He immediately understood. In essence, this light armor was a kind of power boost. 
Creatures affected by the Devil’s Greatflower entered a frenzied state, unleashing terrifying strength at 200% of their usual power. 
They couldn’t be killed without being completely dismembered. 
But its side effects were severe, as adrenaline stimulation often led to organ failure and shock. 
Thus, Lin Tian asked, “Given it’s made with the Devil’s Greatflower’s core, wouldn’t the side effects be too extreme?” 
Bill looked supremely confident. “I also incorporated bloodstone into it, which can heal organs after every battle without consuming lifespan.” 
Such a perfectly crafted weapon. 
Only dwarves could forge something so meticulous. 
Lin Tian was highly satisfied. “And the last piece—these knuckle dusters?” 
“You call it knuckle dusters, but I named it ‘The Final Requiem.’ With every strike, it shatters the enemy’s armor, breaks bones. The sound of each blow becomes their death knell! How’s that for a name?” Bill chuckled. 
To the people of this world—or dwarves, at least—a hint of dramatics was all too common. 
The earliest Spear of Zeus was actually named World-Ending Thunderbolt. 
The name “Spear of Zeus” was just for extra flair. 
After all, the title of King of the Gods carried its own weight. 
Lin Tian couldn’t help but laugh. “Alright, then. The Final Requiem it is. Does it have seven magical effects as well?” 
Bill’s expression grew solemn. “This is a custom weapon, so it doesn’t necessarily have seven effects. Based on the One-Eyed Owl’s combat style, I focused on enhancing the durability of ‘The Final Requiem,’ leaving it with only one magical effect. But you might not believe it when you hear what it does. 
“Every third attack releases the combined power of the previous two strikes! Simple and brutal!” 
Before Lin Tian could even react, a shout of sheer excitement erupted from the doorway. “What!!! The combined power of the previous two attacks?! How is that even possible? This is incredible!” 
In an instant, the One-Eyed Owl strode into the room, her gaze locked on the pair of pitch-black knuckle dusters, streaked with a glimmering starlight. 
Holding them with palpable excitement, she exclaimed, “The feel of these is perfect! I have to test them out right away!” 
… 
Outside, on an open field by the lake. 
Staring at a massive boulder over ten meters tall, the One-Eyed Owl frowned, sensing it still wasn’t enough of a challenge. “Is there anything bigger?” 
“That’s pure azure stone,” Bill said seriously. “It’s one of the hardest rocks around. Breaking it would be like taking down a living Demon King!” 
With this, the One-Eyed Owl’s interest piqued. “Alright, let’s give it a try!” 
She took her place in front of the towering stone wall. 
With a deep breath— 
It felt as if she’d drawn every bit of air from the surroundings, creating a striking sense of vacuum pressure! 
What Lin Tian expected to be a moment of build-up was over in an instant—her shadow blurred as she launched forward! 
An ear-splitting impact followed, the sound crashing through the air! 
Sparks even flew as the knuckle dusters scraped against the stone. 
Boom! 
Slam! 
The shockwave rippled out, sending waves in the lake towering several meters high, the entire surface churning and roiling. 
It was truly a breathtaking sight. 
But even such monstrous force left only a row of dents from the knuckle dusters on the stone surface—no shattering. 
The One-Eyed Owl smiled, satisfied. “Definitely tough. It’s got the feel of hitting armor—nice!” 
Boom! 
Another punch slammed into the rock. 
This time, a crack appeared across the stone, stretching from one side to the other. 
Yet, it still didn’t shatter. 
What was unmistakable, though, was the way the starlight around the knuckle dusters grew even denser, seeming to gain a spark of life with each strike. 
Now the starlight danced and pulsed around her fists, vivid and alive. 
Finally, the One-Eyed Owl sprang lightly into the air, aiming her third strike at the center of the boulder, and punched down hard! 
A raging wind erupted, ripping nearby trees from their roots! 
Tidal waves rose and crashed across the lake, reaching massive heights. 
In an instant, the boulder fractured and exploded into rubble! 
The explosive sound almost shattered eardrums. 
The One-Eyed Owl looked utterly thrilled. “These knuckle dusters are made for me. I’m dying to find an opponent who can take me on… So, kid, when are we attacking the Demigod Empire?” 
… 
Happy new year guys! 
 
 
 --- 
 
