Chapter 1: Angel Sisters’ Healing? 
TL: Sungmin 
“Jie jie jie~” 
The sounds around him were incredibly creepy, making Lin Tian slowly open his eyes. 
He was confused. 
The scene in front of him made his hair stand on end, his back went cold! 
Everywhere, there were sharp-toothed, big-nosed, pointy-eared, small-limbed, deformed-looking monsters! 
Because the light was dim, their blood-red eyes made it even more terrifying! 
Lin Tian’s mind had only one thought, a firm thought. 
This place was the netherworld, and those around him were evil spirits! 
Because he was already dead, hit and killed by a car. 
However, a shy, hurried cry came from a distance, making his blood boil. 
Lin Tian looked in the direction of the sound, his spirit jolted, “Hiss! Have I gone to the netherworld, or have I gone to Western Pure Land?” 
Just ten meters away, something was happening that made one’s blood surge! 
Two pure-looking girls were being dominated and used by several “evil spirits.” 
“This is paradise, it must be paradise! Otherwise, why would there be angel sisters to heal us?” 
The more Lin Tian thought about it, the more excited he became! 
Because of his position, it seemed like he was in line! 
There were eight or nine evil spirits in front of him and a long line behind him. 
All were waiting for the angel sisters’ healing. 
“Save me! Why is this happening, why am I being violated by these lowly creatures! But my body won’t listen to me!” 
“Don’t save me, I want to die! I don’t want to give birth to disgusting goblins!” 
Hearing the angel sisters’ voices, Lin Tian was stunned. 
“Wait, why are the angel sisters crying for help? Hiss, goblins? These ghostly things are goblins?!” 
Suddenly, Lin Tian realized he had crossed into another world! 
And he had reincarnated as a lowly monster from anime, a goblin! 
Although he didn’t want to accept it, he couldn’t refuse the angel sisters’ “healing”. 
Goblin or not, he decided to get the job done first! 
At this moment, an invisible force was surging crazily within Lin Tian, making it impossible to think of anything else. 
Soon it was his turn, with only two goblins ahead in line. 
If there had been space, he would have rushed forward already. 
But suddenly, a roar came from the bushes ahead! It made everyone’s hearts tremble! 
“Scum! I’ll kill you all!” 
Four or five tall humans rushed out! The flash of swords and shadows! 
Of course, they were all around 1.7 meters tall, but to goblins, who were only about a meter tall, they seemed towering. 
They wore simple armor, held iron swords, and wooden shields, their faces full of intense hatred! 
“Ugh ah!” 
In an instant, the goblins lying on the human girls were cut down by sharp blades! 
Green, sticky, foul-smelling blood splattered all over Lin Tian! 
After reacting, twenty-three goblins around quickly picked up wooden sticks to fight back! They swarmed like bees! 
Among the humans, a nun in a white robe stood out, holding a magical book that moved without wind. 
She began chanting a spell! 
“First-tier magic, Holy Light Impact!” 
“Boom!” 
A blinding golden holy light exploded, and with a strong impact, all the goblins were blown away ten meters. 
Lin Tian couldn’t avoid it either, feeling like all his bones were about to break. 
“Captain, kill me…” 
On the ground, a girl cried, her eyes full of despair. 
The stubbly man with the iron sword had a heavy expression, suddenly thrusting his sword down! 
Another girl had already bled to death, her blood sticky and foul-smelling. 
The stubbly man roared, “These disgusting scum have mated with humans, they must not be spared!!! Kill!” 
The genes of goblins were very peculiar. 
Besides being able to devour the flesh and blood of other creatures to gain abilities and evolve, 
They could also improve their potential by mating. 
For instance, a goblin that never mated would never evolve and would have a maximum level of 10. 
Even mating with low-level animals like wild boars or baboons, could increase its level cap. 
But if it mated with magical creatures or other races, it could evolve into a big goblin. 
If it mated with humans, it would evolve into a big goblin even faster! 
The stronger the mating partner, the higher the evolution cap, potentially evolving into a goblin hero or even a goblin overlord. 
Moreover, goblin secretions contained special components that, once a female creature came into contact with them, would forcefully override their consciousness, making them almost entirely lose the ability to resist, completing the mating. 
“Avenge them!” 
In an instant, the battle broke out! 
Of course, it was a one-sided slaughter. These humans had incredible combat power, slicing through the goblins like chopping vegetables. 
For Lin Tian, who had never fought, it was terrifying. 
All he saw were severed limbs! 
The ground was covered in foul-smelling blood, making it hard to take a step. 
As he hesitated on how to step, the goblins had already been slaughtered, leaving only him. 
“Captain, what about this goblin?” 
The white-robed nun used magic to encase Lin Tian and spoke. 
Lin Tian inexplicably felt comfortable and hurriedly begged for mercy, “I’m human! I actually reincarnated as a goblin. Don’t kill me, Sister Nun! I believe in God, Jesus Christ, and the Holy Mother bless you!” 
Involuntarily, Lin Tian began to fantasize about being taken in by the nun sister, developing feelings, and reaching the pinnacle of life. 
This was the typical trope of a world-crossing story. 
But the next second, the previously charming nun’s face turned icy cold, her eyes filled with disdain, as if looking at a pile of shit. 
She said, “What a disgusting thing. How dare you mention God? The Holy Mother’s name coming from your mouth is a sin!” 
She then prepared to take Lin Tian down with a spell. 
At this moment, the stubbly man spoke, “Wait, this goblin seems a bit clever. Let’s take him back first. I want to study him; he might be a mutant.” 
The two exchanged glances and smiled. 
Lin Tian didn’t notice anything amiss, feeling extremely grateful, “Great, Brother Captain, when I turn back into a human, I’ll repay you well!” 
“Is that so? Then I’ll be waiting for your repayment!” 
However, after being taken back, Lin Tian was completely dumbfounded! 
… 
“Look at this poor little guy, he’s barely breathing anymore. It’s my fault for being too rough.” 
“I’m going to cut off that thing of his and make it into a specimen.” 
“Boring, I played with him for just half a month and killed him. Not even recovery potions could save him.” 
“Let’s catch a few more next time.” 
Listening to their mocking voices, Lin Tian’s consciousness gradually faded. 
Finally, he died in this life. 
Around him were various torture tools stained with green sticky blood, and the stubbly man and others were laughing smugly, still unsatisfied. 
[Ding! Life Simulation System binding!] 
[You died because of your stupidity, forgetting that you were a goblin. How could humans trust or pity you? 
You died from endless torture and pain. 
The suffering of these days has even imprinted on your soul. 
As a transmigrator, this is the most tragic death, without exception. 
Finally, your body was made into feed and completely devoured by a pig like ‘Mon-chan.’] 
[Life will restart shortly] 
[Remaining lives: x3] 
[Remaining life simulation attempts: x1, cooldown time 10 days] 
(Tip: Current longest simulation progress is 1 year) 
TL: Damn lol. So slight deviation from the manhua: the MC here actually didn’t save anyone. It also seems like the role of the nun and the knight captain is reversed. 
Western Pure Land -&gt; Sukhavati, the equivalent of heaven in Buddhism. 
Mon-chan -&gt; pretty sure he’s this guy <a href="https://www.tiktok.com/@jouboo4/video/7244212519361940741?lang=en">https://www.tiktok.com/@jouboo4/video/7244212519361940741?lang=en</a> who went super viral 
Hi everyone, it’s still early in the novel, and that means it’s really important for it to receive some attention. If you enjoy the premise somewhat, please consider posting a review on Novel Updates! 
