Chapter 9: Expanding the Tribe! 
TL: Sungmin 
The Elf Matriarch quickly flipped to the window to check the situation. She saw several goblins carrying the corpse of a male elf from a nearby wooden house and throwing it down. 
“Damn goblins!” 
Seeing this, the Elf Matriarch became extremely furious and raised her sword to stab at Lin Tian. 
However, he easily dodged due to his small stature and said, “Don’t resist. Your sentries have been captured by me and mated with. We are family now, keh keh.” 
“Sentries? Cassandra! What did you do to her!” 
Lia’s expression was uncontrollable as she frantically attacked Lin Tian. 
“Clang!” 
Blades clashed. Lin Tian began to counterattack with his dagger, easily overpowering Lia. “It seems you don’t know what’s good for you. Wouldn’t it be better to obediently become a breeding tool?” 
With a swift movement, his poison-coated dagger slashed Lia’s fair calf. 
“Impossible, how can a lowly goblin fight me?” 
Lia was shocked. She leaped lightly to retrieve the longbow from the wall but soon realized she couldn’t shoot in the confined space. 
She had to go outside. 
But when she looked outside, she was stunned! 
The wooden houses were engulfed in roaring flames! 
The scene looked like hell! 
The goblins were binding the female elves, transporting them below, and some had already started mating! 
The dead male elves lay nearby, their eyes staring in death! 
“Why! Why is this happening? How can mere goblins overpower us!” 
Lia continuously questioned, hearing other elves’ cries for help. 
“Wuuu Matriarch, I don’t want to be impregnated by goblins, save me!” 
“My husband was killed, someone please save us!” 
“Why are goblins here, why are these lowly goblins so powerful!” 
“My child was taken away, what are they going to do!” 
Lia was on the verge of losing consciousness, not from the poison, but from the shock of the situation! 
She immediately drew her bow, activated a skill, and aimed at a goblin assaulting an elf. 
One shot, one kill! 
The arrow pierced through even the plate armor! 
Seeing this, Lin Tian launched a surprise attack, slicing her bowstring with his dagger. “Matriarch, you should stop resisting. I will treat you well.” 
“Go to hell! Give me back Cassandra!” 
Lia counterattacked with a short sword but was swiftly disarmed by Lin Tian! 
The poison started to take effect, making her weak. 
Lin Tian laughed coldly, “Elves, just obediently become our playthings. I will cherish you!” 
With a hilt strike, he knocked Lia out. 
Using vines, he gently lowered her to the ground. 
The goblins worked in an orderly manner, with some receiving and some transporting. 
“Do not harm the children, bring them back!” 
Lin Tian ordered. 
It wasn’t out of kindness, but because these children could be raised. Once their reproductive systems matured, they could be used. 
That night, the Myriad Forest became a living hell! 
By the next morning, Lin Tian and his group finally brought back all 30 surviving elves to the tribe. 
“Matriarch! No! How can this be! How were they captured by goblins!” 
Cassandra, in a cage, clutched her head in madness, unable to believe the scene before her! 
But Lia’s voice made her acknowledge it, “Cassandra, my child, it’s the Matriarch’s fault, I’m sorry!” 
She had grossly underestimated these goblins’ strength, which was highly unusual. 
A single goblin’s strength exceeded that of a male elf. 
Even she couldn’t defeat them. 
“Wuuu, get off me, you disgusting goblins!” 
By then, the goblins couldn’t contain themselves any longer. Even after traveling all night, they were still full of energy! 
They immediately began expanding the tribe’s population. 
Lia couldn’t bear to watch and looked at Lin Tian, “Are you their leader? Release Cassandra and the children, and I will stay here forever, alright?” 
“You’re willing? Then show me your sincerity.” 
Lin Tian stood there with a wicked smile. 
The poison weakened, Lia used all her strength to get up and cautiously began to serve Lin Tian. 
Cassandra in the cage couldn’t bear to watch, “Matriarch! You damn goblin! Stop!” 
“Oh? Little girl, I didn’t do anything.” 
Lin Tian responded with a cold laugh. 
Lia cried heart-wrenchingly, her tears blurring her vision. 
“Wuuu, Cassandra doesn’t need saving, Matriarch don’t do this!” 
‘Ding, congratulations to the host for receiving a qualification upgrade, converted to 200 Health, 30 Strength, 30 Defense!’ 
Another conversion? 
Lin Tian was bewildered and suddenly thought of something. 
Could it be that mating with Gobu Yue would really allow him to evolve into a Goblin God? 
So, the qualifications that should have improved directly converted into attributes. 
In that case, if he sought out more powerful individuals to mate with, wouldn’t his strength increase crazily? 
Now, he could already crush that bearded man! 
A day and a night passed. 
The goblins were all exhausted and couldn’t move. Lin Tian locked Lia and Cassandra in a cage, keeping them exclusively for his use. 
The others were left for the other goblins to use freely. 
Lia held Cassandra, crying together. 
The only consolation was that they were alive and had fruit to eat every day. 
“You two should stop resisting and focus on producing offspring here. I will ensure you get three meals a day. If you have any bad ideas, I won’t hesitate to kill you. The key is…” 
Lin Tian said to Lia and Cassandra. 
As he spoke, his eyes turned to Gobu Yue, who was taking care of the dozen or so elf children they had captured. 
Lia didn’t respond to his words, but instead pleaded with Gobu Yue, “That child has been crying for a long time. Can I feed him?” 
“Boss, what do you think?” 
Gobu Yue ignored her and asked Lin Tian. 
Hearing this, Lin Tian thought for a moment, “Give her the child. From now on, she will feed these children.” 
These young elves would grow up to be indispensable breeding machines in the tribe. 
Then, he left the tribe with other goblins to find food for the elves. 
Mostly, they found vegetables and fruits in the enchanted forest, which were abundant and easy to find. 
“Matriarch, let’s find a way to escape. I don’t want to go through that again, and I don’t want to see you suffer…” 
Cassandra cried and pleaded. 
Lia, feeding a child, remained silent for a long time before saying, “Child, we can’t escape anymore. Soon, we will all give birth to goblin children. Are you going to abandon your child?” 
“I… I don’t want to give birth to a goblin child! I don’t want to give birth to a monster!” 
Cassandra’s face was filled with fear as she repeatedly hit her abdomen. 
Unfortunately, it was useless. 
Goblin children had incredibly strong life forces; hitting her stomach a few times wouldn’t help. 
Soon, more than half a month passed. 
Cassandra and Lia’s bellies swelled significantly, indicating they were about to give birth. 
Gradually, the elves accepted their fate. 
Lin Tian approached the cage with a smug smile, “How are you doing? Enjoying your time here?” 
“You!” 
Lia was still very angry when she saw him, but thinking of the child in her belly, she suppressed her anger. 
She said coldly, “Is this how you treat your wife? Keeping me in a cage?” 
“Don’t worry, once you behave, I will give you freedom. But now is not the time. Focus on giving birth!” 
Lin Tian replied coldly and then began inspecting the other imprisoned elves. 
It was like inspecting pets, as elves were a type of magical creature. 
Fortunately, it seemed they were all about to give birth, and they were in good condition. 
