Chapter 11: Discovering Loder and His Companions! 
TL: Sungmin 
His equipment consisted of exquisite iron armor and a finely crafted short sword. 
Both his defense and power were significantly higher, even reaching the level of human blacksmithing. 
Dealing with ordinary monsters was a piece of cake. 
Before long, he left the enchanted forest and saw a small village in the distance with smoke curling from the chimneys. 
People were busy working in the surrounding fields. 
Knowing from the system that Loder and his companions were in Bright Town, Lin Tian walked towards a farmer, intending to ask for directions. 
As he approached, the farmer finally noticed Lin Tian. 
“Old man, don’t be afraid. I’m a human adventurer. Can you tell me where Bright Town is?” Lin Tian asked. 
“No, I don’t know. Get lost! Otherwise, don’t blame me for being rude!”  
The farmer was startled by his strange appearance, especially since he was coming from the direction of the enchanted forest. He was extremely wary. 
He raised his sickle, ready to attack. 
Killing intent began to spread in Lin Tian’s eyes, “I’m just asking for directions. Calm down…” 
The farmer still looked very frightened, “I said get lost!” 
“Swish!” 
In the next second, the sword pierced through the farmer’s mouth. 
Blood splattered! 
Lin Tian’s face looked very grim, “I was just asking for directions. Was it really necessary to make such a fuss? It seems you really deserve to die.” 
If this disturbed the village, and the people attacked him en masse, it would be troublesome. 
Unfortunately, it was too late. 
A few villagers who had just returned home saw this scene and shouted. 
Immediately, more than a dozen strong men with farm tools came, full of killing intent. 
These villagers lived around the enchanted forest and were no strangers to fighting. 
[Ekeler: Lv11<br/>
Race: Human<br/>
Profession: Farmer<br/>
Title: None<br/>
Health: 101<br/>
Strength: 23<br/>
Defense: 14<br/>
Skills: None<br/>
Equipment: Hoe<br/>
Overall: 100] 
It had to be said that humans were naturally much stronger than goblins. 
But compared to the current Lin Tian, the gap was too vast. 
He easily killed them all. 
He then slaughtered the entire village and forced them to reveal the location of Bright Town. 
If he had known, he would have just forced them directly. He had foolishly tried to greet them politely and ask. 
He almost had no feelings left for humans. Killing them was no different from killing monsters or beasts. 
After traveling for a day, he finally saw the bright lights under the night sky in the distance. 
Bright Town. 
It looked quite large, probably home to two or three hundred families, covering a vast area. 
It even had professional defensive walls. 
It was almost like a small city. 
However, entering the town at night would easily expose him, so he decided to wait until morning to blend in with the large crowd. 
Sure enough, even though the guards checked, they didn’t notice Lin Tian. 
The stealth buff only worked well in a crowd. 
Upon entering the town, it was unexpectedly lively. The people here all seemed to be smiling and happily strolling around. 
The numerous vendors made the scene dazzling. 
“I didn’t expect people to live so well in this world,” Lin Tian found it hard to believe. 
Surviving in the enchanted forest was tough and nerve-wracking for him. 
These people even had spare money to buy snacks and go for a stroll. 
When he reached a small square, he finally understood. 
[Bright Town Adventurer Team Rankings. 
1. Platinum-level, Blades of Valor 
2. Silver-level, Gale Adventurers 
3. Silver-level, Savior Adventurers 
4. Bronze-level, Posecaya Adventurers] 
This must be the human world’s ranking list. He didn’t expect Loder and his scumbags to be at the Platinum-level. 
They must have improved a lot recently. 
“Hmph, so what? I already have an excellent plan. Even if the Sword Saintess comes, you won’t escape my grasp!” 
Lin Tian continued to wander around the town. 
He wasn’t just wandering idly; he was surveying the terrain, estimating the population, the number of soldiers, and the defense facilities. 
He even took note of the underground drainage systems and so on. 
He wanted to fully grasp all the information about this town. 
By nightfall, he had figured it all out. 
Just as he passed by a tavern, he heard that familiar, hateful voice! 
“Hahaha! Drink! Keep drinking hard these days!” 
Loder! 
Immediately, he entered the tavern to see what was going on. 
Unexpectedly, the place was packed, with people crammed in from top to bottom. This was perfect for him. 
Lin Tian found a corner and scanned the crowd, finally spotting Loder and his companions. 
They were sitting around the center of the tavern. 
It was still the same few people: Leader Loder, the white-robed nun, the red-haired knight, and the silver shieldbearer. 
At this moment, Loder took a hearty drink and said proudly, “You don’t know, when facing that Four-Armed Demon Ape, it almost killed me with one punch! Fortunately, Ifreya used the holy skill ‘Foresee Death’ to save me. That’s why having a healer in the team is so important.” 
The Four-Armed Demon Ape was a fourth-tier monster, level 40, extremely powerful. 
Upon hearing this, everyone couldn’t help but cheer. 
“Ifreya, my goddess! As expected from the Holy Church! She knows the legendary Foresee Death!” 
“I’m so envious! A healer is important, but having such a beautiful healer is even more important!” 
“Dream on! Even getting a whiff of Ifreya’s scent would be a New Year’s blessing for you!” 
“Everyone, watch your words. Is it appropriate to blaspheme a goddess?” 
Listening to the flattery, Ifreya’s nose was practically in the air as she said in a mock humble manner, “The leader is still amazing. Otherwise, it wouldn’t have been possible to kill the Four-Armed Demon Ape with just me.” 
The red-haired knight and the silver shieldbearer grumbled beside her, “What, you’re only praising your man? Don’t we count?” 
“No, no, you two are amazing too, alright?” Ifreya replied in mock annoyance, casting a flirtatious glance at Loder. 
Their relationship didn’t need much explanation. 
At this moment, a resident mocked, “You two are impressive, but Loder is still part of our Lionheart Empire’s imperial family! And also a disciple of the Sword Saintess!” 
This was also why the Sword Saintess took him as a disciple. 
The imperial family, no matter how weak or strong, wasn’t something easily defied. 
Lin Tian’s expression changed slightly; he hadn’t expected that guy to have such an identity. 
However, even if it were the Emperor of the Lionheart Empire, he would still have to die! 
The red-haired knight and the others started to get annoyed, “What does it matter to you if our leader is from the imperial family! Shut up!” 
They immediately began to argue. 
“Stop arguing. Recently, the evil dragons on Dragon Island have entered their breeding season and often come to steal the herders’ cattle, sheep, and horses, making people afraid to graze their livestock. You adventurers are so great, why don’t you go slay the dragons?” 
At this moment, the tavern owner spoke in a contemplative tone. 
He was wiping glasses at the bar, his tone heavy. 
Slay dragons? 
That was indeed every adventurer’s dream, but dragons weren’t so easy to slay. 
It was known that an adult dragon was at least level 50 and could fly! They had immense health and high attack power! 
Only Diamond-level adventurers could handle them; anyone else would just be offering themselves up as a meal! 
… 
Hi everyone, the Lionheart Empire is called an empire, however it contains many characteristics of a kingdom. In the raws, for example, many things that should be referred to as “imperial” are referred to as “royal”. I’ve changed all mentions of royal/king to imperial/emperor to match the Lionheart empire naming. I’ll talk more about it later. 
