Chapter 12: Sword Saintess! 
TL: Sungmin 
The resident who had just been rebuked said at this time, “Hmph, you all are so great, then the dragon slaying task is yours!” 
“You!” 
The red-haired knight was furious, but he didn’t dare to take on this task. 
No matter how much he pretended, he wouldn’t dare to speak lightly about dragon slaying. 
Especially since it was a dragon of Dragon Island. 
Dragon Island was separated by dozens of kilometers of sea, and it was home to dozens, even hundreds of evil dragons! 
It was said that it had even nurtured a Dragon King at the elemental level. 
That was equivalent to a sixth-tier magical beast! 
At this moment, the tavern keeper sighed, “Alas, it seems that Bright Town is in trouble. We must quickly seek aid from the capital. Otherwise, those evil dragons might even eat people!” 
During the breeding season, dragons needed a lot of nutrients. 
And each dragon needed to eat two tons of food a day. The nearest land town to Dragon Island was Bright Town. 
Undoubtedly, it would become the dragons’ first target. 
This was just the beginning. It was terrifying to imagine what it would be like when dozens of dragons came to prey! 
“How could this happen!” 
“It’s over. Is Bright Town going to be destroyed by dragons?!” 
“I need to hurry home and pack my things to escape from here!” 
“Where can you escape to? If Bright Town is finished, do you think other villages and towns will be spared?” 
Fear showed on everyone’s faces; they didn’t know what to do. 
The tavern keeper cursed again, “Isn’t it because the current adventurers are all cowards? If they had gone to kill the dragons on Dragon Island earlier, there wouldn’t be so many now.” 
At this moment, Loder finally spoke, calmly saying, “Everyone, rest assured. I have written a letter asking my master to come and slay the dragon. With her here, it will be a simple matter, and there is no need to request troops from the capital.” 
“What!” 
“Wow, really! We can see the unparalleled beauty of the Sword Saintess!” 
“This time we’ve hit the jackpot! Not only can we see the Sword Saintess, but we can also witness dragon slaying firsthand!” 
In an instant, the previously dispirited residents were invigorated and extremely excited. 
Who hadn’t heard of the Sword Saintess’s stories? 
She had single-handedly swept through the thousand-mile magical forest to the west of the empire! 
She had defeated the strongest swordsmen of several neighboring countries in single combat, winning every match! 
Most importantly, she was said to be as beautiful as an angel fallen to the mortal world. Some perverts even wanted to be judged and punished by her. 
At this time, Lin Tian slowly got up and left the tavern. 
If he stayed any longer, the Sword Saintess might arrive and discover his identity. 
However, he had already gathered enough information. 
When the Sword Saintess and the others fought the dragons, he could seize the opportunity to take out some key targets. 
His goal of killing or capturing Loder would be relatively easier. 
Soon, another month passed. 
Lin Tian tried simulating life three times, succeeding twice and failing once. 
The failure was not due to the Sword Saintess discovering him but because Loder was killed by the evil dragons in the chaotic battle. 
Although he had succeeded, if he didn’t do it himself, it would lose its meaning! 
It had to be done personally to be effective. 
As the time for the dragons’ massive attack on Bright Town approached, Lin Tian began preparing for a sneak attack. 
This time, about seventy to eighty second-generation goblins had been born. 
All had grown to adulthood. 
[Small Goblin: Lv11<br/>
Race: Goblin<br/>
Profession: None<br/>
Title: Elf Bloodline, Exceptionally Gifted<br/>
Health: 110<br/>
Strength: 15<br/>
Defense: 13<br/>
Skills: Gene Devour<br/>
Equipment: None<br/>
Overall: 100] 
Even if these second-generation small goblins were whiteboards, at around level 10, their attributes were close to those of ordinary humans. 
They naturally had a level cap of 30, making them very powerful. 
If there were hundreds, even thousands of these goblins, leveling up to the max would be enough to take down a human city. 
Perhaps the third or fourth generation would be even stronger! 
But whether that was effective remained unknown. 
So, Lin Tian did not bring these goblins this time; he only brought the first-generation ones. 
Even if they all died in Bright Town, he wouldn’t feel any pain. 
He also didn’t plan for them all to come back alive. 
Now was the time for survival of the fittest, even though these guys had fought alongside Lin Tian before. 
But goblins were goblins; where was the talk of emotions and humanity? 
They were just consumables. 
Then, leading nearly a hundred fully armed first-generation goblins, he set off for Bright Town! 
… 
Inside Bright Town. 
The grand arrival of the Sword Saintess had the whole town celebrating for three days and nights! 
In the church, a tall woman, at least 178 centimeters, clad in dazzling gold and white armor, stood inside praying. 
Her tall stature, paired with the long sword at her waist, exuded an imposing aura. 
A white cloak with gold trim added a touch of sanctity. 
Outside, Loder cautiously entered and said, “Master, recently we’ve seen a few evil dragons lurking near the town. Since no one is grazing their livestock, they seem to be getting impatient and may soon attack the town.” 
Even though he was of imperial blood, he could only behave respectfully in front of this extraordinarily powerful swordswoman. 
He dared not have any impure thoughts. 
“I understand. Let’s go. We need to arrange for some dragon-hunting crossbows. Otherwise, none of you will be of any use when the time comes, and it will be my disgrace.” The Sword Saintess turned slowly as she spoke. 
At that moment, even Loder’s heart trembled! 
Her flawless face was a masterpiece, every line exquisitely crafted! 
Her red lips seemed to exude moisture. 
However, her eyes were covered with a white silk cloth, adding an air of mystery and making her seem unattainable. 
Although her eyes were covered, it did not impair the Sword Saintess’s vision. 
She walked straight out. 
Outside, most of the men in the town were gathered around the church, craning their necks to catch a glimpse of her beauty. 
“Oh my God, is that the Sword Saintess? So noble, so beautiful!” 
“What is that invisible aura of sanctity? It’s much more than what I feel from nuns!” 
“A woman who combines power and beauty—I can’t imagine what kind of man could conquer her!” 
“Don’t even think about it. Even our Lionheart Emperor wouldn’t dare make a move on her!” 
As the Sword Saintess emerged, the residents made way. 
Her commanding presence was entirely different from that of the townsfolk! 
They heard her say, “Collect a large amount of wood and build ten dragon-hunting crossbows within a day.” 
“Yes, yes, yes!” 
A group of people eagerly began working, fearing they would be looked down upon by the Sword Saintess if they did too little. 
Of course, even if they worked hard, they wouldn’t earn her esteem. 
Otherwise, she wouldn’t cover her eyes with a silk cloth. 
This world wasn’t worthy of her direct gaze. If anyone was, it would be a man capable of conquering her. 
In less than half a day, 
the wood was collected. 
Following the blueprints provided by the Sword Saintess, ten dragon-hunting crossbows were completed before nightfall. 
They were placed at various high points around the town. 
These crossbows were so large they needed wooden carts for mobility and required the strength of more than a dozen adult men to pull back the strings. 
Each was about 10 meters long, equipped with two-meter-long bolts. 
Only then could they be called dragon-hunting crossbows. 
… 
Discord (announcements and updates!)? <a href="https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC">https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC</a> 
