Chapter 16: The Revenge Begins 
TL: Sungmin 
Hearing this, the anger of the Sword Saintess began to subside. 
Eventually, she calmed down and returned to her usual self. 
“You are right, I am the blade of the people, I cannot leave you.” The Sword Saintess said firmly. 
If she left, the residents of Bright Town would indeed likely suffer another attack. 
She herself also needed to recover after using an ultimate sword skill which had drained her greatly. 
Seeing the Sword Saintess stay, Beck sighed in relief, “Great, finally, finally I can get some sleep.” 
Saying this, he collapsed to the ground. 
This battle had been too devastating for them! 
Initially, they only needed to drive away the dragons and rebuild their homes. 
But the result was the slaughter of hundreds of residents, with many surviving women being violated by goblins. 
Even the Blades of Valor had been completely annihilated! 
“Loder, I have already requested aid from the imperial family for you. The rest is up to you. Having been captured by goblins, I have no face to rescue you myself.” The Sword Saintess said coldly, then began scouting around. 
She wanted to see where the goblins had come from. 
Compared to the people, she would rather abandon Loder and the others. 
However, this did not mean she wouldn’t seek revenge against the goblins. 
As soon as the Imperial Knights arrived, she would personally set out to exterminate all the goblin tribes in the surrounding enchanted forest! 
To wash away today’s shame! 
… 
“Let go of me! You disgusting lowly creatures!” 
Loder’s voice roared in the forest, filled with rage, his body paralyzed by the poison, unable to move. 
“Captain, what do we do, will Lord Sword Saintess come to save us?” Ifreya cried as she was dragged along the ground like garbage. 
She had never been in such a sorry state. 
Loder affirmed, “My master will definitely come. We just need to hold on and wait for an opportunity to escape.” 
Thus, they were taken back to the tribe. 
Lin Tian was still responsible for cleaning up the traces of their journey. 
“Back already? And you actually caught two humans!” 
In the cage, Lia was shocked, unable to believe they had really done it! 
Not only had they intruded into human territory, but they had also captured humans. 
Who could have thought that this was a goblin tribe without even a single major variant! 
Loder was still defiant at this moment, “Hmph, just a bunch of lowly goblins. Once I recover a bit of strength… what!” 
Seeing the scene in the tribe, he was stunned! 
Elves! 
These goblins had actually captured so many elves! 
Even they dared not provoke the elf tribes. 
“Oh no! This tribe might have a hero variant!” 
At this moment, Loder could no longer remain defiant. If there was a hero variant goblin, he probably wouldn’t survive until the Sword Saintess came to rescue him. 
Seeing the elves naked and mating with the goblins, Ifreya’s pupils were shaking and filled with blood! 
She couldn’t imagine such a thing happening to herself! 
Happening to a sacred nun! 
“Boss, where are the other goblins? Why are only you back?” Gobu Yue asked curiously. 
Lin Tian sighed, “You don’t know, we encountered a dragon attack. The scene was too chaotic, and they all died in battle.” 
Gobu Yue responded with an “oh,” and the other second-generation goblins understood. 
“What!” 
Loder’s pupils contracted, and cold sweat began to pour from his forehead! 
From Lin Tian’s words, he knew that this goblin was lying! Calming the other goblins’ emotions! 
My god! 
What level of intelligence was this! 
Since when did such a goblin tribe emerge in this small enchanted forest? 
However, upon observation, he found that there didn’t seem to be any special variant goblins here. 
The leader must be that one who was almost like a low-level goblin. 
Exceptionally intelligent, very difficult to deal with. 
“Ifreya, have you recovered a bit?” 
Loder and Ifreya were thrown beside a rock, and he asked cautiously. 
Ifreya shook her head, “This poison is too strong. Even though I have a holy constitution, it will take a long time to dispel it, but it’s almost done.” 
However, at this time, Lin Tian walked over with a cold, wicked smile. 
“Kekekeke, you seem to be recovering soon?” 
He then bit Ifreya on the chest, injecting more poison. 
She moaned in pain. 
“Stop it! Damn you!” Loder shouted in fury. 
Upon hearing this, a second-generation goblin angrily rushed over and slapped him hard, “Don’t shout at the boss!” 
Humiliated by a goblin! 
His teeth nearly shattered from clenching, but he could only endure it. 
“Everything is fine here. You all go hunt some food.” Lin Tian spoke up. 
Then, his eyes turned cold, looking at the two on the ground as if they were insects. 
This gaze made Loder feel a chill in his heart.  
“You must be a highly intelligent goblin, right? Haven’t you thought about the consequences of capturing us? You should have seen the power of the Human Sword Saintess!” 
“Of course, I am aware. The Sword Saintess? She is also my prey, just not the right time yet.” Lin Tian said. 
Although he appeared calm, he was thinking about how to deal with these two beasts. 
Two human-faced, beast-hearted animals! 
He certainly wouldn’t kill them. Back then, they hadn’t had the heart to kill Lin Tian. 
So, he would repay them a hundredfold. 
Hearing Lin Tian refer to the Sword Saintess as prey, Loder found it amusing. “Just you lot? The Sword Saintess could kill you all with a single slash!” 
“Now, I will ask, and you will answer. If you say the wrong thing or too much, I can’t guarantee you won’t lose something.” 
Lin Tian stomped on Loder’s head. 
Loder gritted his teeth in anger, almost looking like he wanted to eat someone. 
“Let me ask you, do you enjoy secretly imprisoning and torturing goblins?” Lin Tian asked coldly. 
Loder’s body stiffened slightly, “What?” 
“Slash!” 
Suddenly, the cold light of claws flashed, tearing off his ear! 
Blood spurted onto Ifreya next to him, scaring her to the brink of tears. 
“I don’t! You beast! Are you crazy?” 
Loder shouted through the intense pain, but inside, he was trembling! 
Only their team knew about such things, so how did a goblin know? 
Could it be that this goblin had been watching them all along? 
Weird, too weird, how was this possible? 
“Slash!” 
While he was thinking, Loder felt a sharp pain in his right ear! 
Both his ears were torn off! 
“Stop! I’ll talk. I indeed did those things, but so what? You goblins also like to torture humans, even eat people!” Loder said fearfully. 
Hearing this, Lin Tian laughed wickedly, “You’re right, but I’m a goblin! Gobu Tian, Gobu Kuang, tie his limbs to this rock.” 
Indeed, from a moral standpoint, Lin Tian had nothing to be ashamed of. 
But that was human morality. 
Now, Lin Tian no longer had human morals, only goblin morals. 
Which meant, no morals! 
“Wait, what are you going to do? Stop!” 
Loder’s heart began to race in terror! 
Ifreya cried on the spot, “Lord, Holy Mother, please send a miracle to save us!” 
But it was futile. 
If there were so many miracles, the world would be in chaos. 
“What is wrong with this goblin? He even considers the Sword Saintess as prey. Such a terrifying and strange creature, it might really be possible!” Loder thought nervously. 
This time, there was no escaping. 
Lin Tian’s gaze finally turned to the white-robed nun on the ground. 
At first, he had thought she was a good person, but she turned out to be the most disgusting and perverted! 
She had castrated him, then used magic to heal, and castrated him again! 
A beast among beasts! 
“You, what are you going to do? Ugh…” 
Seeing Lin Tian getting closer, Ifreya trembled in fear. 
“Oh yeah!” 
“Kekeke, a human nun, so beautiful!” 
Seeing this, the other goblins cheered in excitement. 
Lin Tian turned his head, “Don’t worry, as long as you stick with me, you’ll have good treatment in the company! Everyone will get their share!” 
“Beast!!! How dare you!!!” 
Suddenly, Loder’s hysterical roar echoed! 
His forehead veins bulged, he almost used all his strength to scream. 
Spitting saliva everywhere. 
Lin Tian’s mouth slowly curved into a smile. His purpose was to show it to Loder. 
He began to lay his hands on the white-robed nun. 
Loder trembled with rage, suddenly becoming calm, “I beg you, let her go. I promise not to trouble you. I can even support you, give you a status in the Lionheart Empire, how about it? 
I swear by the Stantmont family name to God!” 
This condition, if offered at their first meeting, Lin Tian might have believed. 
But now, forget it. 
These two beasts could never be trusted. 
Then, he slowly, bit by bit, made Ifreya feel unprecedented sensations. 
“Aah! Stop! My body has been dedicated to the Lord, you disgusting thing, don’t touch!” 
Ifreya screamed miserably, “Save me, Captain!” 
The more intense her cries, the more excited Lin Tian became. 
Loder was almost fainting from anger, he could only close his eyes, unwilling to watch. 
In the distance, Lia and the others were peeking, “This Lin Tian, could he have a grudge against humans? What he’s doing seems very vengeful?” 
Since they had been together for a long time, Lin Tian had told her his real name. 
“I heard the boss mention before that he wanted to take revenge on humans, so it seems so.” Gobu Yue said. 
Cassandra, however, responded with irritation, “Goblins are just goblins—evil, filthy, that’s their nature. Of course, Gobu Yue is an exception.” 
“Cassandra, child, I believe Lin Tian is different. Although we are imprisoned, apart from not being able to move freely, we don’t have to worry about anything else.” 
Lia was now completely taken by Lin Tian. 
The main reason was that every time they mated, she could experience sensations beyond what elves could provide. 
Previously, even two or three elves at a time were not enough for her. 
Now, a single Lin Tian was enough to completely satisfy her. 
She had fallen in love with that feeling. 
ED: Huh, don’t know why Lia referred to Lin Tian as Lin Tian. Looks like the author doesn’t intend to keep Lin Tian’s name as ‘Goblin’ in the story? 
… 
Discord (announcements and updates!)? <a href="https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC">https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC</a> 
