Chapter 20: Heading to Dragon Island! Purple-Gold Dragon Mother! 
TL: Sungmin 
“Humph, a hero variant? We’ll have one soon too.” Lin Tian said with a smug smile. 
In the current tribe, the talent limit was the hero variant, but that was the limit. 
The limit meant upgrading was extremely difficult, basically at the big variant, and evolving further to the late stage was almost impossible. 
How could Lin Tian wait for the late stage? 
He estimated they would soon face a human encirclement and retaliation. 
There was also a Sword Saintess; time was of the essence. 
After dragging back this giant hammer goblin, he would immediately take control of it. 
Severing the tendons in its hands and feet would make it completely lose the ability to resist, ensuring it peacefully became a breeding goblin. 
“Isn’t it too big? Lin Tian, my children won’t be able to handle it!” 
Upon hearing Lin Tian’s arrangement, Lia felt scared and quickly discussed it with him. 
Indeed, with the size of the giant hammer goblin, the petite elves might not match. 
Then she said, “Then artificial insemination will do. Gobu Yue, I’ll teach you, just help out when the time comes.” 
“Is that even possible?” 
After a series of indescribable procedures, Gobu Yue felt her worldview was shattered. 
“In the coming days, just focus on cultivating the third generation of goblins.” 
Lin Tian let out a long sigh of relief. 
But then he became vigilant again. 
Now was not the time to relax. 
The tribe needed time to grow to have the ability to resist, but how could the humans give them time? 
Calculating the days, the arrival of the human reinforcements was imminent. 
If they continued like this, they would either escape as far as possible or face one word: death. 
Their current combat power couldn’t contend with the Imperial Knights. 
However, Lin Tian had long buried a plan. 
“I need to go on a long journey these days, keep vigilant.” Lin Tian said. 
He was afraid the Sword Saintess or human reinforcements would arrive early and come for a sweep. 
But the chances were small; this place was far from Bright Town, with many scattered enchanted forests in between. 
It would take some time to eliminate the goblin tribe. 
Lia couldn’t help but worry, “Where are you going again? Don’t take risks.” 
“Don’t worry, I won’t die, and even if I do, it’s no big deal.” Lin Tian said calmly. 
Gobu Yue and the others listened to him without any objections. 
However, Loder sneered, “Could it be that with the reinforcements arriving soon, you’re scared and planning to escape?” 
After enduring so much suffering, he was finally seeing the light at the end of the tunnel! 
So he was a bit cocky and couldn’t help but mock. 
“Someone, serve him with the giant hammer goblin.” 
Lin Tian wondered why this guy’s mouth was so stubborn. Since that was the case, he wouldn’t be polite. 
After a few attempts, Gobu scratched his head, “Boss, can this really work?” 
“There is no road in the world; when many people walk on it, it becomes a road.” 
After Lin Tian finished, he left the Tian Kuang Tribe first. 
Time was tight, and he started traveling at full speed. 
The next day, he arrived at the seaside. The golden beach, sunshine, and the melody of the waves made him feel cheerful. 
“Across the sea? What’s the most convenient way to get there?” Lin Tian pondered. 
Indeed, he was going to Dragon Island. 
At first, he thought about getting a boat and sailing over. 
But with a distance of over a hundred kilometers, it would take at least ten days to half a month by boat. 
After some research. 
The fastest way was to lure a dragon. 
Directly attracting a dragon from Dragon Island was the most convenient. 
Then, he simply looted a few surrounding villages, capturing a dozen or so cows and sheep. 
They weighed over a thousand pounds. 
Then he bled them, tied the meat together, and piled it on the beach. 
Lin Tian hid inside the pile. 
The smell of blood was highly attractive to dragons during their breeding season. To gather the nutrients needed for reproduction, they would collect a large amount of food. 
Half a day passed. 
Sure enough, a black and red figure broke through the clouds in the distant sky, heading towards the beach. 
Lin Tian stared at the dragon through the gaps in the meat, it was too beautiful! 
Dragons, to men, were irresistible. Riding one in flight was a dream come true. 
“That goblin! I see him, on the beach, quick!” 
“Kill him!” 
“Return our cows and sheep! Damn low-level creature!” 
At this time, a group of villagers gathered the young and strong men from the village, armed with weapons, ready to trouble Lin Tian. 
They were full of momentum. 
When they saw a giant dragon attacking from the sea, they were scared stiff! 
In unison, they turned and fled. 
“Remember the goblin was here!” 
“Yes, yes, let’s go!” 
The dragon swooped down towards the beach, the terrifying pressure causing ripples to spread across the sea surface! 
Its sharp claws accurately grasped the bundled-up beef. After circling once, it flew back towards Dragon Island. 
Lin Tian hid inside the meat, secretly rejoicing. As expected, he hadn’t guessed wrong. These dragons weren’t hunting for themselves. 
It was for the Purple-Gold Dragon Mother, that ancient giant dragon that blocked out the sky, which had entered its breeding season! 
It needed nutrition, hence the enormous food requirement. 
Through a gap, looking at the endless ocean, Lin Tian couldn’t help but marvel at how strange and wonderful this world was! 
He didn’t even know how big it was, and there were gods and such. It seemed the humans in this world firmly believed in them. 
Suddenly. 
A spray of water shot up hundreds of meters high! 
It sprayed directly in front of Lin Tian. 
Looking down, he was almost dumbfounded! 
A ninth-tier monster. 
The Sea-Devouring Demon Whale! 
At a glance, he could barely see its edge! It was almost merging with the ocean! 
It was estimated to be about ten thousand meters in size. 
Fortunately, this demon whale was not aggressive, only eating small creatures in the sea. 
As he was lost in thought, he finally saw a small black dot appear on the distant horizon. 
It grew larger and larger until it was fully visible. 
“This is Dragon Island? It looks pretty nice.” 
Lin Tian was somewhat surprised. It was different from the imagined volcanoes, lava, and obsidian. 
Dragon Island was composed of many islands, with the central island seemingly split open, featuring numerous waterfalls and canyons, streams resonating with the waves. 
Extremely spectacular! 
This was fjord terrain. 
However, there were also vast grasslands and dense jungles on the broader islands. 
Full of life. 
Most of the dragons built their nests on the cliffs. 
From afar, one could see a massive mountain, with a large hollowed-out cliff pit at its center. 
Inside the pit lay a gigantic purple-gold dragon. 
Crystals grew on its back, cold and beautiful. 
[Purple-Gold Dragon Mother: Lv79<br/>
Race: Ancient Giant Dragon<br/>
Profession: None<br/>
Title: King of Dragon Island<br/>
Health: 4100<br/>
Strength: 510<br/>
Defense: 580<br/>
Skills: Purple-Gold Dragon Flame, Humanoid Transformation, Dragon Roar, Ancient Call·Super<br/>
Equipment: None<br/>
Overall: 2900] 
Lin Tian looked at this creature’s attributes and felt it was acceptable. Was its overall combat power just that? 
Although he was lower himself, if everyone could be on par with the Sword Saintess, that would be too much. 
However, it was clear that this creature was not an ordinary dragon but an ancient giant dragon, the large-type. 
At this moment. 
The dragon carrying Lin Tian arrived at the cliff pit, directly throwing the meat in front of the Purple-Gold Dragon Mother, then left indifferently. 
Lin Tian quickly crawled out of the meat, hiding in the messy dead branches. 
Afraid that the dragon mother would swallow the meat in one gulp, Lin Tian would be done for. 
From time to time, a dragon would fly over, drop food, and leave. 
Lin Tian swallowed his saliva and cautiously walked to the cliff to see how high it was. 
In case the negotiation failed, how would he leave? 
After taking a look, he regretted it. 
The height was dizzying, enough to make his head spin and legs go weak. 
“Damn it, living this high up and not afraid of heights?” 
Lin Tian hurriedly backed away, but as he turned around, a giant golden pupil stared fixedly at him. 
“Where did this little bug come from?” 
At this moment, the Purple-Gold Dragon Mother spoke. To her, Lin Tian was indeed a tiny bug that could be crushed to death. 
No different from humans looking at ants. 
The dragon’s nose began to inhale, intending to blow Lin Tian away. 
“Wait! It’s me, the goblin leader who attacked Bright Town last time!” 
Lin Tian quickly spoke, a second later and he would be ‘Goodbye mom, tonight I’m setting sail~’. 
The Purple-Gold Dragon Mother’s pupils contracted, looking particularly sinister, staring at Lin Tian as if recalling something. 
Those contracted pupils were like mirrors, reflecting Lin Tian’s current appearance. 
Still that ugly goblin. 
Short, sharp-toothed, and covered in green skin. 
However, this time, Lin Tian’s heart didn’t change at all. He had already accepted this reality. 
He even tidied the few sparse white hairs on his head. 
After a long look, the Purple-Gold Dragon Mother spoke again, “It doesn’t seem like you’re lying, so what do you want?” 
“You also want revenge on that human female Sword Saintess, right? How about we join forces? Considering our surprise attack helped you escape last time.” Lin Tian spoke with a serious expression. 
The Purple-Gold Dragon Mother’s pupils contracted again, scrutinizing him. “You, a low-level goblin with slightly higher intelligence, dare to talk about cooperation with me? Although you did help me last time, it doesn’t mean I owe you.” 
Hearing this, Lin Tian was slightly stunned. This creature had a point. 
He almost forgot that high-intelligence beings did not necessarily know gratitude. 
Confused, he had again fallen into human thinking. 
Lin Tian, oh Lin Tian, you are a goblin. The thing in front of you is a giant dragon. How could you negotiate with her using human morals? 
“However, you seem interesting. Speak, how do we cooperate? I also want to take a bite out of that crazy woman!” The Purple-Gold Dragon Mother suddenly spoke again. 
Her massive body began to change, using the skill ‘Humanoid Transformation’. 
She reverted to a human form over two meters tall, wearing shiny purple-gold armor. 
Extremely captivating and beautiful. 
Her figure was impeccable, like a beautiful woman in a tight-fitting uniform. 
Lin Tian calmed down and explained, “It’s simple, just have you and your dragons harass around Bright Town daily.” 
“Harass? Do you know how crazy that woman is? She has already requested aid from the human capital. If we keep harassing, Dragon Island might not have a single dragon left!” 
Immediately, the Purple-Gold Dragon Mother was somewhat angry, feeling tricked. 
Last time they underestimated that crazy woman’s strength, almost leading to the dragons’ extinction on Dragon Island. 
Even she barely made it back. 
Harass again, as if dragon lives didn’t matter? 
… 
Discord (announcements and updates!)? <a href="https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC">https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC</a> 
