Chapter 25: Gobu Tian’s Betrayal! 
TL: Sungmin 
From a distance, even Loder felt an inexplicable pressure approaching. 
Gobu Yue looked at them and, unable to contain her fear, hid by Lin Tian’s side. 
“Goblin heroes! Lin Tian, are you still confident in being their leader?” Seeing this, Lia spoke fearfully. 
Having finally gained Lin Tian’s trust, if Lin Tian were killed, their fates would be obvious. 
“Boss! We caught some humans!” 
At this moment, Gobu Kuang triumphantly lifted the Silver Blade Captain and waved happily. 
Lin Tian did not panic; instead, he appeared very calm, “Well done. I’ll reward you later.” 
“Hahaha!” Gobu Kuang laughed heartily. 
However, Gobu Tian, with his deep, hollow, pitch-black eyes, stared intently at Lin Tian without speaking. 
It seemed as if he was contemplating something. 
“Impossible! Silver Blade Captain, Antu! How did you get caught too?!” 
Seeing the captured individuals, Loder felt his heart sink. 
The Silver Blade Captain showed a slight tremor, “Loder? You’re still alive! I’m sorry, we failed the Count’s orders. These goblins are too strong. We’re no match for them unless the Sword Saintess comes in person!” 
As he spoke, his eyes trembled! 
They were no match at all—seven people, two dead, one escaped. 
The rest were severely injured. 
“You couldn’t even defeat two hero variants? Antu is dead? And Cain too. What about Dimi?!” 
Loder saw the bodies being dragged by the goblins and felt on the verge of collapse. 
Because the three knight regiments sent this time were all trained by the Stantmont family. 
So, Dimi was his childhood friend. 
At this moment, a goblin threw down a horribly mangled corpse. 
The eyes were wide open, clearly tortured in pain. 
But there was still a faint breath left, mumbling, “Pumpkin pie, pumpkin pie, Loder… Your Highness? Are you here for pumpkin pie too…” 
With that, he could no longer hold on. 
“Ahhhh!!! Kill them! Kill these damn, vile goblins! I’ll ask the emperor to send troops!!!” 
Loder struggled madly, veins bulging! His face twisted into a mess! 
His eyes seemed about to burst, bloodshot. 
The Silver Blade Captain was also deeply aggrieved, but defeat was defeat, “Your Highness, we were incompetent, sorry! But one member escaped back. I believe the Sword Saintess will come to rescue us!” 
“Why hasn’t that wretched Alicenia come! Has she forgotten she’s the Holy Sword protecting the Lionheart Empire?!” 
Loder was furious, directly venting his anger on the Sword Saintess. 
After all the suffering, not only had they not been saved, but his childhood friend died so horribly. 
The accumulated emotions exploded at this moment. 
He even felt as if he could die at any moment. 
The Silver Blade Captain lowered his head helplessly, “Your Highness, don’t be like this. The Sword Saintess is concerned about the safety of the residents of Bright Town and hasn’t neglected her duties for a moment!” 
“To hell with Bright Town! Those bastards, if it weren’t for them, would I be in this situation?! They’re all damned!!!” Loder continued to shout. 
The members of the Silver Blade said nothing more, understanding his feelings. 
Now, they could only hope the Sword Saintess would come to their rescue. 
At this moment, Lin Tian said, “Tie those people up first. Don’t kill them yet. I have some questions.” 
But the goblins behind him did not move. 
All eyes turned to Gobu Kuang. 
To them, he now held more authority. 
However, the naturally dim-witted Gobu Kuang was the first to start working, tying up the paralyzed individuals. 
Lin Tian also noticed something; these goblins had started to defy him. 
“Hahahaha!” Suddenly, Loder let out a strange laugh. 
His messy hair revealed a pair of ferocious eyes staring at Lin Tian, “Retribution is inevitable! You won’t remain a leader for long! I’ll watch them tear you apart! Eat you alive!” 
The Silver Blade Captain still didn’t understand, “What? That hero variant isn’t their leader? This small goblin???” 
“You should worry about yourselves.” Lin Tian replied. 
He then checked the attributes of Gobu Tian and Gobu Kuang. 
[Gobu Tian: Lv50<br/>
Race: Goblin<br/>
Profession: Dark Assassin<br/>
Title: Elf’s Child, God’s Blessing, Keen Hunter, Hero’s Strength, Death God in Darkness, Monster Slayer,…<br/>
Health: 670<br/>
Strength: 230<br/>
Defense: 140<br/>
Skills: Razor Hands, Ghostly Presence, Spectral Stealth, Phantom Form,…<br/>
Equipment: None<br/>
Overall: 1200] 
[Gobu Kuang: Lv50<br/>
Race: Goblin<br/>
Profession: Four-Armed Warrior<br/>
Title: Innate Strength, Dominance, Hero’s Strength, God’s Blessing, Monster Slayer, Elf’s Child,…<br/>
Health: 1000<br/>
Strength: 340<br/>
Defense: 280<br/>
Skills: Frenzied Power, Mountain Shatter, Strong Shield, Magic Resistance, …<br/>
Equipment: None<br/>
Overall: 1100] 
Looking at these two, Lin Tian felt quite satisfied. 
Goblins, compared to humans, had higher attributes, but their overall combat power was much lower. 
Humans excelled in group battles, techniques, equipment, and skills. 
Of course, there were exceptions, such as Dark Goblins. 
“So that’s how it is. Gobu Tian, that kid, has become quite arrogant, reaching an overall combat power of 1200.” Lin Tian muttered to himself, slowly walking towards the bonfire. 
He reached out to absorb the fire elemental energy. 
“What is he doing? Absorbing flames? Is he a mutant variant?” The Silver Blade Captain exclaimed in surprise. 
But no one could explain it. 
Lin Tian looked at Gobu Tian, “Gobu Tian, feed that wyvern.” 
From a distance, Gobu Tian, who was perched on a rock, moved slightly, hesitated for a while, and then started to act. 
He behaved like a rebellious five or six-year-old child. 
Taking advantage of the moment he turned around, Lin Tian pulled out the Elemental Hand Crossbow, which he had been charging for a long time, and fired! 
“Whoosh!” 
A fist-sized fireball shot out on the spot! 
It was unavoidable! 
Gobu Tian was hit and thrown more than ten meters away. This scene left everyone, including the goblins, stunned! 
“The boss is fighting Gobu Tian!” 
“Fight! Fight! Fight!” 
“Gobu Tian, show him who the real boss is!” 
As these words were spoken, Lin Tian glanced at the goblin who had spoken. 
But he didn’t deal with it immediately because Gobu Tian had disappeared. 
“Hmph, the blessing of darkness, huh? It’s indeed your playground at night, a skill that allows you to become completely invisible.” 
Lin Tian’s lips curled slightly, both in praise and disdain. 
At this moment, Gobu Tian, like a lizard, quickly crawled on the ground, leaping onto the shed and then onto a tree trunk outside. 
His eyes were fixed on Lin Tian, waiting for an opportunity to strike. 
When he reached Lin Tian’s back, he pounced suddenly! 
The sharp claws were enough to tear any flesh and blood apart! 
“Got you…” 
Lin Tian said unexpectedly, turning around and launching an attack! 
He fired three fire arrows at his back. 
Playing agility games with him? He had acquired the Elven skill, Keen Eye! 
Back then, no one else ate the elf’s corpse; the other goblins were all thinking about mating, so only he acquired this skill. 
Gobu Tian never expected it and couldn’t avoid it, being knocked to the ground instantly. 
His body was burning with flames, barely breathing and unable to move. 
One of the three arrows was a poison elemental arrow. 
The egg-sized attack was a charged shot, highly damaging but slower. 
The normal ones were arrow-shaped, very fast and almost unavoidable. 
The Silver Blade Captain was incredulous, “What did that guy fire to instantly kill this monster?” 
They had suffered miserably at Gobu Tian’s hands. 
Dimi had died horribly. 
And this small goblin before them, what kind of terrifying existence was he? 
It was hard to imagine their target this time was really a goblin tribe? It was too abnormal! 
“Boss, I surrender, I was wrong!” 
Gobu Tian twisted and struggled on the ground a few times, realizing it was useless, and quickly begged for mercy. 
The other goblins were stunned, never expecting Gobu Tian to lose! 
But a few loyal goblins cheered, dancing around. 
Then, Lin Tian slowly walked towards Gobu Tian, stepping on his head, “Gobu Tian, after all the time and effort I spent training you, you dare to rebel against me?” 
“Boss, please spare me for capturing so many humans for you! I’m your son!” 
Tears dripped from Gobu Tian’s large black eyes. 
It was the first time the Silver Blade Captain had seen a goblin cry, let alone say the word “son”! 
They hadn’t expected the intelligence of a hero variant to be so high! 
At least the level of a teenager. 
Lin Tian showed a loving smile, “Child, my precious child, of course, Daddy will forgive you. But first, go meet your other siblings.” 
With that, he drew a finely crafted short sword from his waist. 
And stabbed it through his head! 
Brains splattered! 
To him, what child? Nonsense. Betrayal was betrayal, with no moral considerations. 
Though common and inevitable among goblin tribes, how to deal with it was up to the leaders, like Lin Tian. 
“Hiss!” 
At this moment, all the goblins were frightened, not daring to breathe loudly. 
Even Loder couldn’t believe it, “You–you’re terrifying, killing a rare hero variant just like that?” 
“Hmph, it’s not over yet.” 
Lin Tian, holding his sword, slowly approached a big goblin, his eyes full of killing intent! 
“Slash!” 
On the spot, the head was severed! 
And he continued to kill seven more big goblins! 
Four of them were goblin assassins closely associated with Gobu Tian. 
“From today on, anyone who wants to challenge me can come forward, but the only outcome for the loser is death! And the followers of the loser will also die!” 
Lin Tian wiped the blood from his sword, speaking coldly. 
This time, the goblins did not cheer but were terrified, too afraid to move! 
The effect pleased Lin Tian, and he proceeded to eat some of Gobu Tian’s corpse. 
He gained a new skill, ‘Blessing of Darkness,’ which allowed near invisibility in dark environments, detectable only by particularly keen eyes. 
But it was limited to darkness. 
If exposed to light, he couldn’t stay invisible. 
Though other skills were also good, the Dark Goblin was too small to eat it all at once. 
He had to cultivate another Dark Goblin. 
“You, come here. You will be called Gobu Tian now.” 
Lin Tian called over a goblin assassin he had observed for a long time, relatively honest, and who had stood by him earlier. 
Gobu Tian hesitated, “Boss, I am loyal to you. Please don’t kill me.” 
“Who said I would kill you? Eat, eat him, and those others too!” Lin Tian commanded. 
Gobu Tian hesitated but then understood, starting to devour the former Gobu Tian’s corpse. 
A level 50 corpse: consuming it increased his experience significantly. 
And Gobu Tian gained all the skills. 
Then he ate the other big goblins’ bodies, but he was still only level 47. 
Lin Tian glanced, “Eat those two human corpses as well.” 
“Don’t you dare!!!” Loder shouted again. 
But it was futile rage, as he could only watch Gobu Tian eat the corpses. 
Finally, the goblin assassin began to evolve. 
Shedding layers of skin, he evolved into a form similar to the former Gobu Tian. 
“Boss! I’ve evolved!” 
Gobu Tian, overjoyed, knelt before Lin Tian, waiting for him to touch his head. 
This was a gesture of submission among goblins. 
Lin Tian patted his head, “Go now, scout the surroundings and ensure no one sneaks in.” 
“Your Highness Loder, what kind of monster have you provoked? He feels more like a cunning strategist than Gobu Kuang! A monster that even an empire would fear!” The Silver Blade Captain said in terror. 
This time, they were truly doomed. 
Lin Tian looked at them, these so-called Imperial Knights seemed quite weak. 
… 
Discord (announcements and updates!)? <a href="https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC">https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC</a> 
