Chapter 37: Instant Kill, Goblin Slayer’s Strength! 
TL: Sungmin 
Hearing this, everyone began preparing to launch an attack! 
At that moment, the ground started to shake continuously, as if something was about to emerge from below! 
The next second! 
“Swish!!!” 
Three sharp bone spikes suddenly burst out around Gru! It was like a barbecue skewer! 
Three gray hat mages were immediately skewered. 
“Help, help me…” 
“My ass! My ass got pierced!” 
“Ahhh!” 
After a few seconds of agonizing screams, the three lost their breath. 
Gobu Shan relished their screams and twisted expressions, taking a deep breath, “What a wonderful voice. Boss, can I have more?” 
“Damn pervert, do whatever you want.” 
Lin Tian felt a wave of disgust. He knew this guy was twisted, but not to this extent! 
He finally understood, ‘Look at those chrysanthemums blooming all over the mountain~.’ 
Seeing this, Cecil raised the Holy Light Sword and charged first, slashing at Gobu Shan. 
Facing an attack that had a restraining effect on monsters, Gobu Shan did not even attempt to dodge. He blocked it with a swipe of his bone tail! 
His left hand transformed into a long bone spike and thrust towards Cecil. 
“This guy is hard to deal with!” 
Cecil quickly retreated, falling back into the Blizzard Formation. 
The Holy Light couldn’t cause restraining damage to pure bones. It was too difficult to fight head-on. 
At this moment, Gobu Kuang led a large batch of goblins in a fierce attack. 
The magicians, terrified by the sight of the three corpses, didn’t know what to do. They were too scared to attack, thinking only of using defensive magic to protect their fragile chrysanthemums. 
“What are you standing there for?! A bunch of idiots!” 
Gru cursed angrily, preparing to use magic to repel the goblins. 
But then he felt a chill below! 
He quickly stepped back. 
“Swish!” 
Another bone spike shot up. 
Gru panted heavily in fear, “That was close! Almost lost my chrysanthemum!” 
“Shame, boss. Should we go all out now?” Gobu Shan asked. 
Seeing their formation already disrupted, Lin Tian said, “It’s about time, finish them off!” 
“Roar!” 
Gobu Kuang lifted the silver shield of a shield bearer and swung his massive axe wildly. 
With one strike, the shield knight’s armor cracked. The second strike left him dizzy. By the third strike, he was split in half. 
Over a hundred big goblins joined the attack! 
Facing this frenzied assault, Cecil couldn’t care less about anything else. “Run! Retreat! I think we’ve fallen into a trap! Why are there so many big goblins?! So many!!!” 
Logically, a goblin tribe should mostly consist of low-level small goblins. 
Those were easy to kill. 
But now, they faced over a hundred fully armed big goblins! 
There were even hero variants and mutant variants! 
As Cecil and the others tried to mount their horses to escape, a volley of arrows whizzed through the air! 
“Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh!” 
A barrage of arrows scattered their carnivorous horses. 
There was no way to ride them. 
Cecil’s legs trembled in fear, “It’s over. I should have expected the elves would use ambush tactics, should have known!!” 
Then, he ignored the others and ran forward in a frenzy. 
Behind him, screams of agony filled the air! 
Cecil turned around and saw what seemed like the most tragic scene in the world! He was so scared he nearly cried, “I have to escape! I have to escape! Dad! I surrender, send the regular army!” 
He saw seven or eight people skewered by Gobu Shan’s bone spikes, avoiding fatal points, leaving them writhing in agony but unable to break free. 
They made pitiful squeals. 
“Hehehe, Gobu Kuang, don’t kill them yet. Let me play with them first.” Gobu Shan laughed wickedly. 
Gobu Kuang shoved Gru onto a bone spike in front of him, “Alright.” 
“No, no! Cecil! Save me!” 
Gru’s tears and snot flowed freely from the pain, veins bulging on his forehead, his eyes nearly popping out! 
But Cecil had no intention of helping him. 
He noticed something moving quickly through the surrounding trees! 
Too fast! He was quickly overtaken! 
“Help, someone help me!” 
Cecil finally burst into tears. After all, he was just a nineteen-year-old who had barely reached adulthood. 
With death closing in around him, he couldn’t hold it together anymore. 
At that moment, he saw a figure, a full-armor figure that brought a sense of safety! 
Goblin Slayer! 
“Sir! Please, save me!” 
Cecil stretched out his hand and shouted, his face full of pleading! 
If possible, he wouldn’t hesitate to kneel before her. 
Seeing their miserable state was within Goblin Slayer’s expectations, “Just a mutant variant? Well, it might be a bit interesting.” 
Cecil used all his strength, faster! Faster! 
He had to reach her side quickly! 
But disaster always struck faster than him. 
The goblin assassins from the bushes immediately acted, jumping on him and starting to stab and bite crazily. 
Fortunately, Cecil’s armor was thick, so he wasn’t injured, but his steps were slowed down. 
He stumbled, unable to walk properly. 
No matter what he did, he couldn’t shake off the goblins; they clung to him like glue. 
His weapon was snatched first. 
This was Lin Tian’s special training for the goblins, to steal weapons whenever possible. 
Suddenly, Cecil’s vision went black! 
Gobu Tian leaped out and grabbed his face, his claws sharper than makeshift short swords. 
A few scratches destroyed the helmet. 
Gobu Tian opened his foul-smelling mouth full of sharp teeth, ready to bite down! 
As if having a buffet. 
“Whoosh!” 
At this moment, a dagger flew over, stabbing Gobu Tian in the back! 
In pain, he jumped away, twisting on the ground as if in extreme agony! 
Sensing something was wrong, he stumbled and ran towards Lin Tian. 
The other goblin assassins were also hit by daggers. 
All of them twisted on the ground in pain, as if they were trying to break their own bones! 
Finally, they let out a final scream and lost their breath. 
They died in twisted shapes. 
Cecil crawled to Goblin Slayer’s feet, trembling, “Thank you! Thank you! I will repay you!” 
“Will you obey?” Goblin Slayer asked calmly, picking up the daggers as she spoke. 
Cecil nodded frantically. 
Goblin Slayer then said, “If you obey, then get as far away from me as possible, you ridiculous child.” 
“What are you going to do? Don’t go! This isn’t an ordinary goblin tribe, there’s definitely a Goblin Overlord! This is the first time I’ve seen a tribe where only big variants are fighting! Don’t go, don’t go!” 
Cecil almost shouted, wishing he could kneel and beg her. 
However, Goblin Slayer didn’t care, “Really? I was worried there wouldn’t be a Goblin Overlord. The more, the better; that would satisfy me.” 
Then she walked forward with relaxed, powerful steps. 
At this moment, Gobu Shan and his group were toying with the skewered Gru and others. 
Facing their eyes, which looked at them like they were small barbecue skewers, they were about to collapse from fear! 
It was too cruel and terrifying! 
They wished someone would kill them quickly; the pain and torture were worse than death! 
“Swish!” 
Suddenly, a small dagger flew over. 
It stabbed into Gobu Kuang’s body. 
He could ignore such an attack, casually pulling it out, “What is this?” 
While he was still puzzled, his eyes suddenly trembled! 
Intense pain shot from the wound to his head! 
His muscles bulged, and he started crashing around wildly, biting his teeth! 
He knocked over several big trees and then slammed into a boulder, passing out on the spot. 
“What’s going on? Gobu Kuang, are you crazy?” 
Gobu Shan was shocked, and the other big goblins looked at each other, not knowing what had happened. 
Gru and the others noticed the figure in front of them, “Goblin Slayer!” 
They felt like they had seen their savior! 
They wanted to shout but didn’t dare, fearing their chrysanthemums might burst. 
After all, science showed that when people shouted loudly, their anuses would vibrate with each word. 
For those with hemorrhoids, it would push out a bit. 
Lin Tian had noticed her arrival long ago but couldn’t figure out what technique she used! 
Killing the goblin assassins was one thing, but now Gobu Kuang and Gobu Tian were down! 
Uncertain if they were dead or alive. 
Gobu Shan saw her too, swinging his bone tail and stabbing fiercely! 
Goblin Slayer caught the tail with one hand, pulled out a huge broadsword with the other, and slashed down hard! 
The entire tail was chopped off! 
Though Gobu Shan didn’t feel any pain, he lost a weapon. 
Goblin Slayer, bored, tossed the bone tail aside, shouldering the rusty broadsword, “Are you the leader of these goblins?” 
She found it hard to believe. 
How could such a rabble of goblins defeat the Sword Saintess? 
It couldn’t be their strength, could it be intelligence? 
That seemed even less likely. 
Gobu Shan was furious, “Kill her!” 
With his command, all the big goblins charged! 
Goblin Slayer remained calm, spinning with her broadsword in a whirlwind! 
Several big goblins were severely injured or had limbs severed. 
Not instantly killed, but the strange scene happened again! 
The injured goblins screamed and twisted madly! Soon, they stopped moving. 
In less than a minute, thirty to forty big goblins had died! 
Continuing to attack was just suicide. 
Lin Tian watched from the sky, his expression grim, “Damn it, what technique is she using? The system shows her skills are just basic attacks, no magic?” 
Yet now, he had suffered an unprecedented loss! 
In such a short time. 
The remaining big goblins were too scared to continue attacking. 
… 
Discord (announcements and updates!)? <a href="https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC">https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC</a> 
