Chapter 46: ‘Despair’·Nidhogg 
TL: Sungmin 
In the distance, a towering fiery figure leaped out from beneath a lava waterfall! 
Lava continuously slid down its body. 
It finally landed on a distant, higher island. 
No matter how stubborn the little black dragon was, at this moment, it felt oppressed! Oppression from its genes! 
The blazing body that emerged from the lava was grand and enormous! 
It looked like a volcano engulfed in flames! 
It didn’t have scales like other dragons, but rather large red-black armor plates, with hot lava flowing through the gaps in the armor. 
All the dragons appeared extremely insignificant in front of it! 
This was the Dragon King of the Dragon Nest, the ancient world-destroyer, the ‘Flame Dragon Mother’. 
As soon as it arrived, the Flame Dragon Mother saw a purple-gold head in the bushes beside the little black dragon, “Is that Ferbis’ head? Who exactly are you?” 
Hearing this, some dragons finally reacted. 
They looked carefully, and it was indeed a dragon’s head. 
Their eyes began to turn fierce and violent! 
Especially Greyl, who bared its teeth and glared at the little black dragon, “Hurry up and answer the Dragon King’s question!” 
Saying this, he slapped the little black dragon hard, sending it flying and nearly falling into the lava. 
The little black dragon glared fiercely at that guy and then replied, “Dragon King, that is my mother’s head. I found this place through inherited memories. Can you save my mother?” 
“Such sharp cuts and a divine aura, it’s her alright.” Scar examined the head and sighed. 
All the scars on his body were also thanks to the Sword Saintess. 
“What a pity, Ferbis inherited the old Dragon King’s crystal dragon abilities, yet she died just like that.” 
“Who told her to stubbornly go to the outside world?” 
“So this little guy is Ferbis’ child? Then who is his father?” 
At the last dragon’s words, everyone was suddenly enlightened. 
That’s right, the Purple-Gold Dragon Mother went out alone, logically there shouldn’t be any other ancient dragons mating with her. 
The Flame Dragon Mother was also puzzled and asked, “Little one, who is your father?” 
“I don’t know, I’ve never seen him, but my mom said he’s a goblin.” 
The little black dragon, new to society, didn’t understand the evil nature of dragons. 
It said it directly. 
All the other dragons looked enlightened, “I see, huh? Wait a minute!” 
Scar was the first to question, “What did you say! What! A goblin? Your father is a goblin???” 
This was even more shocking than a bolt from the blue! 
Everyone was extremely agitated. 
The little black dragon nodded, but it didn’t care about that, looking at the Dragon King, “Dragon King, can you save my mother? I don’t want her to die.” 
“Boom!” 
At this moment, another foot stomped down hard. 
Greyl said viciously and evilly, “Little one, now is not the time to discuss whether your mother can be saved or not. It’s about how you should die. Dragon King, let me eat him?” 
“Damn it, mingling with a goblin, it’s a disgrace to the old Dragon King’s name!” 
“The proud inheritor of the crystal dragon abilities, actually, actually mated with a goblin!” 
“Fortunately, she’s dead, and this little bastard must die too, the shame of our ancient dragon race!” 
The little black dragon’s words directly stirred up the group’s anger! 
The noble ancient dragon race had been polluted by goblin blood. 
This was absolutely intolerable. 
The Flame Dragon Mother pondered, feeling at a loss. 
The little black dragon could be considered the old Dragon King’s grandson, and now that the old Dragon King was dead, only this unique crystal dragon bloodline remained. 
One must know, the crystal dragon had ascended to the position of Dragon King many times in the history of the ancient dragons. 
Finally, she spoke, “Little one, do you want to survive?” 
“I don’t, as long as my mother can be saved, I’ll die willingly!” The little black dragon continued to plead. 
The Flame Dragon Mother, seeing this, felt a bit soft-hearted, “Saving your mother is for later, but only if you can survive. The condition is to defeat the dragon beside you.” 
“Keke, thank you Dragon King, for giving me some fun.” 
Greyl immediately opened his huge mouth and bit towards the little black dragon! 
Scar couldn’t help but sigh, “Poor little one, experiencing such things right after birth, perhaps death is the best destination, otherwise, another world-destroying dragon will arise.” 
The reason why the ancient dragon race now hid under the trees far from human habitation. 
It was inseparable from the influence caused by those predecessors. 
Whenever an adult dragon close to a kilometer in length went out to cause trouble, human prophets would say that the ancient dragon was coming to destroy the world. 
So they were often slaughtered by the entire continent, regardless of if they were humans, monsters, or other races and subhumans. 
Just as Greyl was about to enjoy the dragon meat feast, the little black dragon, seeing the bloody mouth, surprisingly didn’t hesitate! 
It accelerated and dived in! 
It startled Greyl, who was caught off guard. While the little black dragon was stuck in its throat, it prepared to accumulate dragon flames to burn it to death! 
In the throat, the little black dragon saw the rolling heat waves ahead and began to accumulate its own annihilation dragon flames! 
It caused Greyl to choke! 
“Cough cough! Cough… cough!!!” 
Greyl coughed frantically, his throat becoming hoarse, and he felt he could hardly breathe! 
Once the little black dragon entered the stomach, it started to bite and devour madly! 
The pain made Greyl roll on the ground! 
He quickly shouted, “Save me! Dragon King, Scar, Sin! Thunder Calamity! Help me!” 
“Hmph, this is the king’s decision. You have to win on your own.” Scar said disdainfully. 
No one had ever thought that Greyl would be counter-killed. 
In a short time, his internal organs were completely devoured! 
Due to the thick scales making it impossible to break out of the body, the little black dragon didn’t mind and directly drilled out from the belly. 
It was bathed in golden dragon blood! 
It wasn’t a debate! 
At this moment, most dragons had grim expressions, not expecting it to survive. 
Only Scar was somewhat pleased, “Well done, little one!” 
“Dragon King, I survived, I won! Can you save my mother now?” 
The little black dragon didn’t care about anything else, pleading directly again. 
The astonished look on the Flame Dragon Mother’s face faded, and she pondered before responding, “No problem. Also, from today on, you are one of the members of our Dragon Nest. Do you have a name?” 
“Great! Not yet…” 
The little black dragon was excited and also hopeful. 
The Flame Dragon Mother thought for a moment, “You are a female dragon, so let’s name you Nidhogg.” 
After speaking, she looked at Scar, “Take Ferbis’ head to the roots of the World Tree and make her a wooden dragon.” 
The method of resurrection was simple. 
Just graft the dragon head to the roots of the World Tree and plant it in the soil. 
A wooden body would grow. 
… 
Tian Kuang Tribe. 
After a day of rest, Lin Tian had also recovered under the crazy absorption by the vampire. 
As soon as he went out, he saw Goblin Slayer sitting by the campfire in the living area. 
Lin Tian couldn’t help but ask, “Why are you here? Is there any movement in Bright Town?” 
“You are quite daring. Luckily, the Sword Saintess went to deal with the Dragon Island instead of coming after you, but now two or three hundred adventurers from Bright Town are out there looking for you.” 
Goblin Slayer said while roasting meat. 
Upon hearing this, Lin Tian’s expression became serious. 
He didn’t expect the Sword Saintess to still be active. There was indeed no pressure during the idle period. 
Now, he had to take it seriously. 
Goblin Slayer continued, “However, hiding here won’t make it easy for them to find you. As long as you don’t go out and expose yourself, you can avoid this wave of trouble.” 
“What’s the situation outside now? Has the Sword Saintess returned?” Lin Tian asked anxiously. 
Goblin Slayer shook her head, “Not yet. She’s probably having trouble on Dragon Island.” 
This made Lin Tian feel a bit relieved. 
He then made a bold decision, “A carpet search by two or three hundred people will eventually expose us. Instead, let’s take the initiative and wipe them out in one go!” 
Moreover, if they devoured this group of experience bags, they might gain the ability to confront the Sword Saintess. 
“You do whatever you want, it’s none of my business.” 
Goblin Slayer neither rejected nor agreed. 
Thus, Lin Tian immediately started the Life Simulation. 
To see if this decision would lead to a terrible failure. 
[Life Simulation System is starting. Current plot: Siege 
With the Sword Saintess regaining herself, the adventurers of Bright Town launched the largest joint siege. 
They checked every bit of the enchanted forest bit by bit. 
Thanks to your excellent concealment techniques, you haven’t been discovered yet. 
However, to quickly enhance the tribe’s strength, you chose to send out some goblins and expose the tribe’s location. 
This move was very risky; you had to make sure there were no survivors. 
Soon, an adventurer discovered the goblins and found the waterfall cave. He didn’t rush in but went to notify all the adventurers. 
The adventurers held a meeting, geared up, and prepared to wipe you out in one go and then return to drink. 
Things were developing according to your plan. 
Soon, those adventurers gathered outside the waterfall, ready to enter the cave. 
You had already set traps and guards in various parts of the cave, killing them one by one as they entered. 
Even the powerful adventurers couldn’t withstand being ambushed and assassinated. 
After dozens of deaths, the adventurers began to change their plans, not daring to rush in. 
Option 1: Take this opportunity to attack and annihilate them, score 50! 
Option 2: Continue like this, kill as many as they come, score 40 
Option 3: Negotiate for a truce, score 20] 
Seeing the system’s options, Lin Tian certainly wouldn’t choose the third one, as that would be letting the tiger return to the mountain. 
As for option 1, it was feasible and had a good chance to annihilate them, but the significant battle traces would be hard to clean up, which might be discovered by the Sword Saintess later. 
The last option 2 was just a desperate measure. 
Since it was the Life Simulation, he chose option 2. 
[Watching their actions, you chose to stay put and wait for their next attack. 
However, this time they got smart and chose to use magic attacks to clear the path. The goblins couldn’t withstand the large-scale magic. 
Fortunately, the elves drew their bows and arrows, blocking their steps at the corner of the living area. 
Finally, it dragged on until nightfall, and the vampire Lilith decided to help. 
A group of vampires flew outside and attacked from both sides. 
A great victory!] 
“That’s about right.” 
Lin Tian wasn’t surprised, and the development was satisfactory. 
He needed to personally allocate the ‘experience’ to whom. 
The corpses of hundreds of adventurers were enough to create ten Goblin Heroes. 
He then interrupted the Life Simulation. 
… 
Discord (announcements and updates!)? <a href="https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC">https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC</a> 
