Chapter 48: 7th-tier Magic Ring! 
TL: Sungmin 
“No problem, Boss!” 
Immediately, Gobu Shan and the other two, along with a few goblins, stealthily rushed out. 
Hiding behind the waterfall, they peeked through the faint gaps in the water flow to observe the approaching goblin squad. 
Lin Tian also followed to assess the situation. 
Across the river, on the grassland, ten goblins were slowly approaching. 
They looked quite familiar with the route. 
And they were all big variants! The small leader at the front was even a hero variant! 
It was a special variant Lin Tian had never seen before. 
It was nearly 1.8 meters tall, with knotted muscles and yellow-black striped fur all over its body, somewhat resembling a tiger. 
[Beast Goblin: Lv50<br/>
Race: Goblin<br/>
Profession: None<br/>
Title: Beast King Hybrid, God’s Blessing, Hero’s Power…<br/>
Health: 750<br/>
Strength: 240<br/>
Defense: 230<br/>
Skills: Beast Bloodline, Tiger Bite…<br/>
Equipment: Bone Club, Leather Armor<br/>
Overall: 800] 
Its strength was indeed impressive, but Lin Tian couldn’t help but wonder what kind of tribe it belonged to. 
Even hero variants were just team leaders. 
It definitely wasn’t smaller than his own tribe, perhaps even much larger. 
Luckily, they didn’t know how to cultivate and forge ironware, so this hero variant’s combat power was far inferior to Gobu Kuang and the others. 
At the same level, it would be about a hundred points higher in combat power than the big variants of the Tian Kuang Tribe. 
But in a real fight, the big variants certainly couldn’t single-handedly beat the hero variants. 
The big variants behind the Beast Goblin were even weaker. 
They wielded wooden clubs as weapons, had no armor, few devoured skills, and poor aptitude with limited crossbreeding. 
An overall rating of over three hundred was already considered good. 
No wonder those adventurers looked down on them. 
Lin Tian and his group didn’t speak, like hungry wolves waiting for their prey to take the bait. 
At this moment, the Beast Goblin suddenly stopped, its red eyes scanning the surroundings and sniffing, “I smell a faint scent of blood…” 
“Boss, why can’t I smell it?” one of the big variants behind asked, confused. 
The corners of the Beast Goblin’s mouth slightly lifted, revealing an evil, human-like expression that sent chills down people’s spines. 
It felt like being stared at by a white-fronted tiger. 
With its beast bloodline, its sense of smell was undoubtedly many times better than a normal goblin’s. 
Lin Tian frowned, wondering to himself, “Has that guy discovered us?” 
“Maybe some food slipped into the cave. Let’s get ready for a feast.” 
Finally, the Beast Goblin speculated, extending its thick, sticky tongue and licking its lips. 
It continued to walk towards the waterfall cave. 
As they got closer, Gobu Tian and another Dark Goblin struck first! 
Capture the leader first—this was Lin Tian’s combat strategy. 
Immediately, they darted to the Beast Goblin’s feet, slashing its tendons and injecting a large amount of poison! 
“Roar!” 
The Beast Goblin hadn’t even reacted when it let out a painful roar. 
The group of big variants behind it was frightened. Just as they were about to attack, Gobu Tian disappeared into the nearby river in a flash. 
The Beast Goblin hurriedly snarled, “Enemies! Prepare for battle!” 
The big variants calmed down, raised their weapons, and surrounded the Beast Goblin. 
With its tendons cut, it couldn’t stand up at all. 
“Boss, we’ll protect you!” one big variant said proudly, trying to show its loyalty. 
However, from behind the waterfall, Gobu Tian stretched out four large hands and pounced! 
It grabbed the show-off variant and twisted its head off on the spot. The spraying blood scattered their arrogance. 
They all abandoned the Beast Goblin and started to flee. 
When faced with danger, they didn’t care about any leader; their survival was most important. 
“Swish!” 
Bone spikes shot up from the ground. 
But one still managed to almost escape into the forest. 
Lin Tian gathered wind elements and blasted its head into a mushy mess. 
The Beast Goblin on the ground gradually became paralyzed, roaring angrily, “Let me go! I’ll kill you! Who are you?!” 
“Wow, such lovely fur, and sexy hair. I like it! Like it! Like… to eat it!” Gobu Shan said excitedly, eyeing the furry goblin on the ground. 
Hearing this, the Beast Goblin’s eyes widened in fear, both angry and terrified, it could only let out beast-like growls. 
Lin Tian ordered his men to clean up the battlefield and had Gobu Tian patrol the surroundings for any unusual occurrences. 
He then took the Beast Goblin back to the depths of the cave. 
“Do you want to die?” Lin Tian coldly asked as he looked at it. 
The Beast Goblin was furious, “Get lost! Lowly creature, do you believe I’ll eat you!” 
If it were someone of a higher rank, it might have responded differently. 
Before him stood a lowly Small Goblin, interrogating him from a high position. 
He couldn’t tolerate it at all. 
Lin Tian wasn’t angry but smiled contentedly and took out the set of torture instruments he had used on Loder before. 
“Hehehe! Good! Good! Hurry up and deal with him!”  
Not far away, a blackened figure spoke. 
It was the nearly moldy Loder. 
Lin Tian frowned, “Noisy, do you want to try again?” 
The shouting Loder immediately shut his mouth. 
The Beast Goblin, who had been in and out of the mundane world, was not afraid at all, “Hmph, you lowly trash, don’t appear in front of me! I’ll tear you apart!!!” 
“It seems you need a little taste of society’s harshness.” 
Seeing that he couldn’t get any information, Lin Tian sighed. 
The Beast Goblin still wasn’t afraid, “Harshness? From you?” 
He was a beast-like male; was he supposed to be scared? 
… 
“Ahhh! I was wrong!!! Please kill me! Please stop!!!” 
In less than ten minutes. 
The Beast Goblin was already covered in wounds! 
If he could kneel, he would have knelt before Lin Tian and licked his feet. 
His current appearance was quite funny. 
All his fur was gone; Lin Tian had specially burned it off. 
The cave was filled with the aroma of roasted chicken. 
However, he had endured all this without submitting to a lowly goblin. 
The real deal was the torture instrument Lin Tian had used on Loder. 
‘The True Man’s Subjugation Device!’ 
However, Lin Tian certainly wouldn’t do such things himself. He casually called a few goblins with perverse personalities to handle it. 
The Beast Goblin was already in tears, crying like a little girl, “Please, what do you want to ask? Just ask! Boohoo! Hey, hey, you tell me, he tortured me for so long without asking anything. Is this even human? Is this right? Bullying a newcomer like me, boohoo! Meow!” 
Lin Tian shrugged, “Little kitty, you were quite stubborn when I asked you before, so I had to make you feel the pain.” 
Then he got to the point, “Which tribe are you from? Where is your tribe? Why are you here?” 
The Beast Goblin answered truthfully, “I come from the enchanted forest to the west, the Beast King Tribe. This was our boss’s former residence. He sent me back to retrieve something. Boohoo meow, I was just returning to my old home, and you… you…” 
“Alright, don’t cry, little kitty.” 
Lin Tian continued to ask, “What level of goblin is your tribe leader?” 
“Our boss is now a Goblin Lord, but he’s about to evolve into an Overlord.” The Beast Goblin quickly replied. 
Lin Tian didn’t expect to hit such a hard wall this time. 
The overall strength of this tribe was definitely comparable to a human city, very tough to deal with. 
But they had occupied someone else’s old home, and the key was that living here was very comfortable, and he didn’t want to move. 
He decided. 
He would destroy them, making this place rightfully his. 
Seeing Lin Tian’s strange and evil eyes, the Beast Goblin’s legs trembled inexplicably, “Can you let me go now? Please.” 
Lin Tian extended his finger, “Lastly, what did he ask you to retrieve? Where is it?” 
“I don’t know either. He said it was buried in the cave he used to live in.” 
Lin Tian called Gobu Tian and the others, “Quickly, go search for it.” 
Not long after, Gobu Tian brought over a small wooden box. 
The Beast Goblin felt bitter, “Boss, I’m sorry. They are really beasts, too ruthless.” 
Lin Tian slowly opened the box, and inside was a ring emitting a green glow! 
The ring was shaped somewhat like a skull’s mouth, quite eerie. 
But he could still check its description through the system. 
[7th-tier · Feitu Magic Ring: A magic ring crafted by a former leader of the Ghoul Tribe. When successfully cast, it can seal the opponent’s soul into the ring, gaining different power boosts based on the strength of the seized soul.] 
Seeing the skill effect, Lin Tian felt it wasn’t bad. 
After all, it was a seventh-tier piece of equipment. 
“Now that you’ve said everything and I have the item, can you let me go?” the Beast Goblin continued to plead. 
Lin Tian thought for a moment, “I can, but I can only let go of your body. Your soul, well…” 
He then began to try to control the magic ring. 
The activation conditions were quite stringent and not simple; he needed to collect the opponent’s blood to activate it. 
He directly used his claws to cut the Beast Goblin’s wrist, letting the blood drip onto the ring. 
Visibly, the ring absorbed the blood. 
Immediately, eerie green ghostly hands burst forth! They grabbed the Beast Goblin, pulling at his soul! 
During this time, the body could actually resist. 
But the Beast Goblin was paralyzed and had no strength to resist. 
Moreover, the closer the distance, the faster the soul was pulled. If it were too far, the opponent could easily resist. 
The green hands pulled the Beast Goblin’s soul out and into the ring. 
Lin Tian checked the attributes, and his overall strength increased from 2200 to 2400. 
Although it was only a 200-point increase, if he changed to another stronger soul, the nature would be different. 
At this moment, Goblin Slayer saw the corpse on the ground, “Is this a goblin from the Beast King Tribe?” 
“Oh? You know?” 
… 
Discord (announcements and updates!)? <a href="https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC">https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC</a> 
