Chapter 56: Exchange for a New Skill! Life’s Miracle! 
TL: Sungmin  
Taking advantage of the time while he was unconscious, Lin Tian immediately blinded his eyes. 
It was only for a moment, and Brutal woke up. 
But he found his eyes were blind, unable to see anything. 
He roared in heart-wrenching pain, “Damn it! What did you do!” 
While shouting, he swung his fists wildly in an attempt to attack. 
Lin Tian was forced to the side, preparing to use the Elemental Hand Crossbow to drain him until the paralyzing toxin took effect. 
But he underestimated the strength of an overlord variant. 
Brutal sniffed the air forcefully, a cold smile curling at the corners of his mouth, “Found you!” 
He charged forward like a starving tiger pouncing on its prey! 
Lin Tian hadn’t even reacted before he was sent flying by a punch! 
However, it didn’t cause too much damage. 
Brutal, now without sight, could only strike randomly, unable to make precise lethal attacks. 
But his continuous attacks were still a headache. 
Lin Tian hadn’t even gotten up yet when a fist larger than his entire body came crashing down. 
He struggled to block with both hands. 
In terms of strength, he was no match for this guy, but fortunately, Brutal was injured, and his strength had significantly weakened after fighting with Alicenia and the others for so long. 
Overall, he only had a strength of 2700, slightly higher than Lin Tian. 
Brutal found it hard to believe, “You can withstand my attack?! Impossible!” 
In his astonishment, he felt Lin Tian’s strength growing even stronger! 
He was even surpassing him! 
With a stumble, Brutal fell to the ground. Lin Tian frowned, “Why aren’t you down yet? If I didn’t need you alive, I would have stabbed your heart already.” 
There was no food here to replenish his health. 
A hit to a vital point would be fatal. 
“Impossible, I can’t lose to a, a…” 
Brutal muttered on the ground, realizing his body was starting to become immobile. 
Suddenly, he remembered the initial sharp pain! 
He thought it was from the dragon flame, but it was definitely something else! 
But now he realized it was too late. 
Then, Lin Tian called out to Goblin Slayer in the cave, “It’s your turn.” 
“What are you planning now? Aren’t you going to seal his soul into the ring to increase your strength?” 
Goblin Slayer asked in confusion. 
After all, the plan had succeeded, but not fully reclaiming the corpse was a pity. 
Lin Tian sneered coldly, “I would like to, but the plan changed when so many strong opponents suddenly appeared. I had no choice.” 
“So what do you intend to do?” 
Goblin Slayer couldn’t help but ask. 
Lin Tian thought for a moment before confirming, “Isn’t this guy from the Great Tomb? Why not use his background to have the people from the Great Tomb eliminate those guys.” 
“Isn’t that too dangerous? The guys in the Great Tomb are best left unentangled.” 
Even Goblin Slayer felt worried. 
She was confident in dealing with goblins, but like everyone else, she kept his distance upon hearing about the Great Tomb. 
Lin Tian believed this was the best solution. 
Then, he took off the magic ring on his hand and placed it in Brutal’s hand. 
“Just order him to report to the people of the Great Tomb and offer the magic ring, asking them to avenge Brutal.” 
Hearing this, Goblin Slayer had no choice. 
She had to do as Lin Tian instructed. 
Overlord Variants, even with royal blood, required a lot to be fully controlled. 
After all, they were just one tier away from the King Variant. 
Then, she cut his wrist, dripping blood into Brutal’s mouth. 
The gene’s ability began to take effect. 
Gradually, Brutal started to lose consciousness. When he opened his eyes and stood up, he knelt directly at Goblin Slayer’s feet, “King.” 
Goblin Slayer conveyed Lin Tian’s orders to him. 
Brutal looked at the ring in his hand and nodded, “I will complete the King’s command!” 
Without any delay, he headed towards the Great Tomb forest. 
Lin Tian cleaned up the battlefield and then hid in the cave. 
He could only hope that Brutal would complete the task quickly. From the previous encounter with Marshall, it was clear he had the ability to burrow into the earth. 
Finding the cave location was incredibly convenient and quick. 
He really didn’t want to move, so he hoped Brutal would quickly seek help. 
Returning to the cave, he smelled a delicious scent of blood! 
If he were still human, he would have vomited by now. 
But now it smelled extremely appetizing. 
“Boss, you’re here. I’m starving.” 
Gobu Kuang couldn’t wait to say, his stomach growling. 
Lin Tian replied irritably, “You greedy thing, can’t you eat something else to tide you over?” 
Gobu Kuang looked aggrieved. 
At this moment, Gobu Yue spoke up for him, “Boss, Gobu Kuang carried four bags back by himself, more than anyone else.” 
Gobu Kuang was in the corner counting on his fingers. 
“One, two, three…” 
Lin Tian felt a wave of helplessness and finally said, “Stop counting already. Do you think you can count with your four hands? It’s time to eat.” 
Hearing it was mealtime, Gobu Kuang was happy like a two-meter-tall baby. 
After devouring all the experience packs they had gathered, Lin Tian checked the system. 
He had accumulated three hundred life points. 
It was time to enhance his strength. 
He entered the system store and went to the skills section. 
Previously, he had wanted to exchange for [Evil God’s Blessing], which could summon a sixth-tier magic puppet to protect him. 
After much thought, Lin Tian reconsidered, “Sixth-tier, similar in strength to Brutal, but even three Brutals might not be able to defeat the Sword Saintess…” 
He then browsed other skills. 
Previously, when his strength was very weak, he leaned towards skills that didn’t require action but ensured his survival. 
Now, he needed something to substantially improve himself. 
After much selection in the three hundred points category, he finally chose three skills. 
[Abnormal Fusion: Can seize and fuse the parts of others with oneself. Each part provides a certain attribute boost but does not grant the opponent’s innate skills and does not affect one’s own form.] 
[Necromantic Pact: Form a pact with any deceased soul, gaining all of their skills. Only one soul can be contracted at a time.] 
[Blood of Ruin: Attacks carry a ruinous effect, nullifying the opponent’s divine abilities, weakening all their attributes, and increasing the damage dealt to those with the ruin effect.] 
Lin Tian wanted all of these skills. 
Firstly, Abnormal Fusion didn’t seem that strong, but combined with his Gene Devour ability, it became much more powerful. 
For example, fusing a dragon’s wings and then devouring its flying skills would make him fly faster than a real dragon. 
Or fusing Medusa’s eyes and then devouring her petrification skills, which would grant him Medusa’s Gaze. 
These two skills were indispensable. 
Without Medusa’s Gaze, he couldn’t devour the petrification skills. 
The goblin’s Gene Devour had many limitations. To devour skills, certain conditions had to be met. 
Otherwise, it would be too overpowering. 
Why else would they be among the lowest-level monsters? 
Fusing a dragon’s heart would grant him burning blood, allowing him to release dragon flame skills. 
“Nercromantic Pact also seems very good.” 
Lin Tian hesitated as he looked at the system store. 
If he could dig up the grave of the previous Sword Saintess or some former legendary figure and forcibly contract them, it would be very satisfying. 
But it had its drawbacks. If there was a grave without a soul, it would be a wasted effort. 
Finding a desirable soul was a challenge. 
Lastly, Blood of Ruin would be a must-have, if not now, then next time. 
It was the only way to counter divine attacks. 
This way, nothing would be able to restrain him. 
After thinking for a long time, he decided to exchange for [Blood of Ruin] first, to have a fighting chance against the Sword Saintess. 
Abnormal Fusion was undoubtedly excellent, even better in some ways. 
But right now, there was nothing to fuse with. 
‘Ding, successfully exchanged for Blood of Ruin! Congratulations to the host for achieving the Miracle of Life effect! Returning three hundred life points!’ 
The sudden voice in his mind made Lin Tian freeze. 
Seeing that he still had three hundred life points. 
He couldn’t help but feel ecstatic! 
“System, I love you! If you were a person, if you were a woman, I would never treat you badly!” 
Lin Tian said, his hands trembling with excitement. 
He exchanged for [Abnormal Fusion] again. 
Two wishes fulfilled at once! 
At this moment, Gobu Yue and the others looked at him in surprise, not knowing what he was so happy about. “Boss, what’s wrong with you? Do you want that?” 
As the saying goes, being well-fed brings lustful thoughts. 
They thought Lin Tian had those thoughts. 
Pulled back by their voices, Lin Tian coughed, “Nothing, can’t you all behave for a day? My body can’t take it.” 
Just with Gobu Yue alone, he had lost count of how many times it had happened. 
He guessed that the level cap had already reached the world’s limit. 
Definitely more than level one hundred, maybe two hundred? 
However, considering his newly acquired Abnormal Fusion, if he fused his kidneys with those of a donkey or a horse… 
He recalled seeing a creature called the ‘Anglerfish’ whose mating time could last up to thirty years. 
He couldn’t imagine how powerful that would be. 
“Lalala.” 
Gobu Yue stuck out her little tongue and said nothing more. 
At this moment, he noticed Loder sobbing in a corner of the cave, “Father, sister, I am sorry, I brought this upon you!” 
Beside him was a broken sword and a spear. 
They were the weapons of Stantmont and Lorna. 
He knew them all too well. 
Gobu Tian had thought these weapons were pretty good and picked them up, which Loder saw. 
“Lin Tian, is my father still alive?” 
Loder wiped away his tears, speaking with guilt. 
Hearing this, Lin Tian, seeing Loder’s miserable state, shook his head, “Your father was bitten to death by an Overlord Variant, and as for your sister, her body has long been desecrated.” 
“Thud!” 
Hearing this, Loder’s heart skipped a beat! 
He felt worse than death! 
He had endured for so long, thinking he could still go home alive. Now, where would he go? 
Even if he escaped, there was no place to go. His home was gone. 
In agony, he said, “I never should have provoked you, never should have tried to outsmart you…” 
Lin Tian said nothing, resting on the ground. 
“Ifreya, Ifreya! Can you hear me?” 
Loder turned to shout at her. 
Ifreya was lying peacefully beside Lin Tian. 
Hearing the shout, she looked up at him but said nothing. 
Loder began talking to himself again, “As long as you can live, I hope the church will save you later. Farewell! Aaaaah!” 
Suddenly, he roared and ran headfirst into the stone wall! 
A sound of bones breaking was heard! Blood flowed from Loder’s head, gushing uncontrollably! 
He had created a hole the size of an egg! 
But he wasn’t dead yet. Loder lay on the ground, twitching, already unconscious. 
He was in a state between life and death. 
Seeing this, Lin Tian drew his short sword and ended his life, “Consider this a reduction of your pain. This guy… After torturing you for so long, I’ve grown fond of you, but you suddenly couldn’t take it anymore.” 
Over time, his hatred for Loder had gradually faded. 
He had relaxed his control over him, only chaining him up. 
He didn’t expect Loder to choose suicide. 
