Chapter 58: Using a Bow as a Barrett! 
TL: Sungmin  
“Why are there so many minotaurs?” 
For the first time, Austin’s expression turned serious. 
He felt an immense pressure. 
Marshall stared coldly at Brutal and said, “Isn’t that guy from the Great Tomb? He must have summoned them. We should have killed him back then!” 
“This was my oversight last time. Leave it to me!” 
Alicenia raised her longsword and charged directly at one of the minotaurs! 
She was determined to make up for her previous mistake. 
She shouldn’t have pursued Lin Tian. She failed to catch him and let Brutal escape, which led to the current minotaur chaos. 
The minotaur saw her rushing towards it and reached out to grab her, but in the next second! 
A flash of cold light! 
The large hand turned into a blood mist! 
Alicenia swiftly beheaded a minotaur. 
Seeing this, Austin and the others also began their assault. 
Felomon commanded the soldiers to prepare a battle plan, “The minotaurs are too powerful. We need to use spears to entangle them!” 
Brutal pounced and engaged Marshall. 
Austin, Felomon, and the soldiers began taking down the minotaurs one by one. 
Emma targeted the weak spots of the minotaurs, causing maximum damage. 
Overall, there were only about thirty of them. As long as nothing unexpected happened, they could be defeated without too many casualties. 
In a short time, Alicenia had already slain four or five minotaurs. 
After eating seven or eight people, Big Bull Li’s gaze was drawn to the Sword Saintess, attracted by her strong figure and fair skin. 
She must taste the best! 
Lin Tian thought the same, though not about eating. 
Big Bull Li pushed aside several houses and charged at the Sword Saintess! 
His massive body and unparalleled strength made him unstoppable! 
He launched a surprise punch at the Sword Saintess’s back! 
The fist was larger than a person. 
However, while slaying a minotaur, Alicenia still had her left hand free, catching the punch with one hand. 
Evenly matched! 
Big Bull Li was dumbfounded for a moment, “How is this possible!” 
His greatest pride was his unrivaled strength, now caught by a human! 
“Brute Force!” 
He activated a skill, exerting a second burst of power! 
The shockwave forced Alicenia to retreat, but it didn’t cause significant damage. 
They began a fierce battle. 
On the other side, Brutal’s overall strength hadn’t fully recovered, and he was evenly matched with Marshall. 
Seeing this, Lin Tian started shooting from a distance, using poison elements. 
Marshall’s left hand was paralyzed on the spot, unable to move. He exclaimed, “Someone else? A small goblin? No, it’s him!” 
Upon seeing Lin Tian, he immediately realized it was the goblin the Sword Saintess had mentioned. 
However, a moment of distraction allowed Brutal to gain the upper hand. 
With his left hand paralyzed, Marshall couldn’t wield his spear, a two-handed weapon. 
He hurriedly tried to use the Earth Movement technique to escape. 
Lin Tian sneered, “I’ve been waiting for this moment.” 
He unleashed a charged earth element attack! 
A lump of clay engulfed Marshall, half his body buried, the other half above ground. 
The Earth Movement technique allowed movement through earth but could be interrupted by other skills. 
Any control-type skill could do it. 
Brutal then prepared to crush Marshall’s head with his jaws! 
Seeing this from afar, Emma began chanting, “Super-tier Archery: Wind God’s Arrow!” 
Her longbow gathered a force of swift wind! 
She fired instantly! 
She thought it would blow Brutal’s head off. 
But the arrow was intercepted mid-air by another wind element. 
It was Lin Tian.  
“An elf, huh? Good thing I also have sharp skills.” 
Brutal bit down! 
Marshall didn’t even have time to scream before he was killed. 
Lin Tian hurried over, “Wait, give this to me. You go help with the minotaurs.” 
“Oh, okay.” 
Brutal was taken aback but obediently agreed. 
The king’s order couldn’t be resisted. 
Seeing the nearly level 80 experience pack, Lin Tian didn’t hesitate to devour it. 
Emma saw Marshall being devoured alive and covered her mouth in horror, kneeling on the ground, “Mr. Marshall! Ugh!” 
Tears flowed uncontrollably. 
“Marshall!!!” 
Austin roared from a distance, veins bulging on his forehead! He charged forward, using his shield and sword to cleave a minotaur in half! 
He rushed towards Lin Tian! 
His overwhelming rage was terrifying! 
Seeing Austin’s arrogance, Lin Tian stood his ground without moving. 
Austin, in a fury, shouted, “You damned beast! Super-tier Combat Skill: Mountain-Cracking Slash!” 
The hundred-pound shield-sword swung down with immense force! 
Blade and aura erupted! 
This strike, even Big Bull Li couldn’t take it! 
“Hey, why are you using your ultimate move right after meeting me? This isn’t how the game is played.” 
Lin Tian sneered and activated the skill ‘No-Blade Capture.’ 
He completely nullified the physical attack. 
Unfortunately, he couldn’t trigger the blade-snatching effect since the weapon was almost as big as Lin Tian himself and very wide, making it awkward to hold. 
The sudden turn of events left Austin dumbfounded! 
He couldn’t believe his attack was ineffective! 
It felt like he had struck the air. 
Just as he was about to turn around, he realized Lin Tian had disappeared. 
Like when he fought Brutal, Lin Tian had used the momentum to leap onto Austin’s back, opening his seductive little mouth, “Super-tier Magic Skill: Brutal Roar!” 
An earth-shattering roar erupted! 
It shattered the surrounding debris, creating an open space! 
Austin didn’t even have time to react; his brain turned to mush! 
This wasn’t just a stun but instant death! 
White brain matter oozed from his nose and ears. 
Lin Tian started eating again, “If you’re going to use your ultimate move, don’t blame me for doing the same up close.” 
Brutal’s physical resilience was much better, and since Lin Tian had just learned this skill back then, its power wasn’t significant. 
After roaring, his throat hurt for a long time. 
Now, after much practice, he could kill directly with it. 
“Lord Austin! How is this possible!!!” 
From a distance, Emma once again fell into despair! 
Two! 
Two comrades, who lived and died together, had died right in front of her eyes. 
She even saw them being eaten alive. 
An ordinary person would have collapsed by now. 
Emma, suppressing her grief, her eyes glowing with a pure white light, activated the Elf Tribe’s divine skill, ‘Archer’s Focus!’ 
It could maximize the accuracy and power of her weapon. 
It also had a certain x-ray effect. 
Lin Tian inexplicably felt a chill on his back and quickly hid behind some rubble, secretly pleased, “I didn’t expect to level up by five levels, finally reaching level 75, and my overall strength also increased to 3200.” 
While he was thinking this, a sharp pain struck his back! 
He didn’t know when, but he had been hit by an arrow. 
Lin Tian gritted his teeth and pulled out the arrow, only to see another arrow embedded in the stone wall in front of him! 
Fortunately, he dodged in time, or that arrow would have pierced his heart! 
He felt a lingering fear, “Is that woman using the bow like a barrett? Damn, if not for the stone wall slowing it down, I wouldn’t have been able to dodge!” 
“Brutal! Go and knock down the bell tower!” Lin Tian quickly shouted. 
Luckily, he had that guy; otherwise, he would have been stuck here. 
Hearing this, Brutal charged towards the bell tower like a mad dog; most of the buildings were made of wood. 
Under his frenzied attack, the bell tower began to sway. 
Eventually, it collapsed into rubble. 
Taking advantage of this opportunity, Lin Tian aimed his poison element attack at Emma. 
“Swish, swish, swish!” 
Unexpectedly, Emma, under the Archer’s Focus, could easily dodge. 
With such an amazing skill, Lin Tian felt the pressure mounting; unless her skill time ran out, he had no way to get close. 
Seeing this, Lin Tian had no choice but to find another pile of rubble to hide behind. 
Emma’s anger had turned into an attack! Even hiding behind the thickest rubble was useless. 
In a few shots, the rubble would collapse, losing its cover. 
Suddenly, Lin Tian thought of something. No cover? 
Weren’t the minotaurs right in front of him all covers? Just as he was about to jump onto their backs, he felt something was wrong! 
He quickly retreated! 
He saw the minotaur being directly pierced! 
But it wasn’t killed. 
At this point, Emma’s body could barely hold on; in the Archer’s Focus state, the consumption of stamina, even draining her life, was immense. 
Each shot usually left her gasping for breath. 
Now, after shooting more than a dozen arrows, she almost completely exhausted her life force. 
But she still held on. 
She continued aiming, but her vision suddenly blurred, and the Archer’s Focus forcibly interrupted. 
She collapsed to the ground in a daze. 
Seeing this, Brutal immediately wanted to pounce and tear her apart. 
But Lin Tian quickly called him off, “Get out of the way, she’s mine!” 
Brutal could only obediently go help Big Bull Li. 
Lin Tian looked around and picked up Emma, carrying her towards the collapsed bell tower. 
Taking advantage of the fact that the Sword Saintess hadn’t noticed, he planned to enjoy himself. 
Not only was Emma very beautiful, but after mating, his attributes would also improve a bit. 
Soon, the unconscious Emma slowly opened her eyes, discovering her naked body beneath a goblin. 
She screamed in fright, trying to break free. 
But she found her limbs wouldn’t obey! 
The goblin’s ‘God’s Blessing’ ability restricted her, not only preventing resistance but even making her cooperate. 
“Get off, get off, goblin! Stop moving! Get off!” 
Emma said with tears in her eyes, but she was powerless to resist. 
Hearing this, Alicenia felt something was wrong from afar and, looking around, couldn’t find Marshall or Austin. 
She quickly followed Emma’s voice. 
At this moment, Big Bull Li had activated his demon form, increasing his strength to 3900! 
His body was nearly ten meters tall, with skin that seemed covered in a black shell, very tough. 
His legs had turned into huge tentacles, extremely difficult to deal with. 
He resembled the eight-tailed beast from a certain anime. 
That’s why the Sword Saintess was held up for so long. 
However, it was still easy for Alicenia to escape; she quickly jumped to the bell tower ruins. 
When she saw the scene before her, she was stunned! 
“No! Emma!” 
Alicenia immediately shouted. 
Emma held a dagger to her heart, tears streaming down her face, “Alicenia, Marshall, and Lord Austin… they are already dead, and I…” 
