Chapter 78: Great Gains, World-Class Magic 
TL: Sungmin  
Without lifting a finger, he could make a flower wither. 
Lin Tian suspected that this Clin Castle dungeon might be too weak. 
The reason he acted cautiously was to avoid attracting Clin and the others from the basement due to the noise of a fight. In such a confined space, it would be disadvantageous for him. 
A single spell could be impossible to dodge or block. 
Avril was already crying in fear, the pain and the process of waiting for death nearly driving her to collapse. 
She had no idea that this Small Goblin could be so cruel. 
His pitiful appearance when begging for mercy had caused her to let her guard down. 
Lin Tian said, “Didn’t find the magic book, but finding something better than a magic book isn’t bad either. Come on, let’s take advantage of the moment.” 
“Take advantage of the moment” meant literally. 
Otherwise, it might not feel as good later when it cooled down. 
But Avril didn’t understand, “Don’t eat me, I’m not tasty, can you save me? I can give you the magic book, I don’t want to die, boohoo.” 
At this moment, she was crying like a child. 
Helpless enough to seek help from a Goblin. 
“Still quite naive, huh? Have you ever encountered a Goblin before?” 
Lin Tian approached her like a big brother, asking as he got closer. 
Avril shook her head desperately, “No, can you save me? The magic book is in the castle’s secret room, I can take you there as long as you save me, don’t eat me.” 
Seeing her like this, anyone would feel pity. 
How could one bear to eat such a cute and helpless girl? 
Lin Tian patted her little head, lifted her soft long hair, and smelled it. It had the fragrance of a young girl. 
A feeling that made one dizzy. 
Then he comforted her, “Don’t worry, I won’t eat you, I will take good care of you.” 
“Thank you, thank you for caring for me…” 
Avril foolishly started thanking him. 
However, as Lin Tian got closer and closer, she felt a bit uneasy, “You, what are you going to do?” 
Lin Tian slowly pulled down her custom-made low-cut purple dress. 
Avril had already become weak due to excessive blood loss. 
She couldn’t resist no matter what others did to her, but her consciousness was very clear! 
Lin Tian did not use the God’s Blessing ability because there was no need. 
He also wanted to let this proud little girl know how cruel society could be. 
“No, didn’t you say you were going to save me? I can take you to find the magic book…” 
Avril said in a panic, starting to reason with him. 
A pitiful look as harmless as a human or animal. 
Lin Tian said coldly, “You didn’t act like this before, did you? For prestige, you even wanted to nail the Sword Saintess to death. You also said you would destroy any monsters that dared to come close, right? Wipe out the entire tribe of any monster that came near…” 
This guy was purely a scheming bitch. 
Avril quickly apologized, “I’m sorry, I only said that to gain support, it wasn’t my intention, you have to believe me, please believe me…” 
But now, even if Lin Tian believed her, he wouldn’t stop. 
And he wouldn’t believe her anyway. 
As the coldness spread over her body, Avril was extremely scared. 
Seeing this piece of white jade-like skin, like a budding flower. 
It was hard for anyone to bear plucking it. 
“As if!” 
Lin Tian laughed coldly. Not bear to pluck it? That’s nonsense. 
He was a Goblin. 
He sought the thrill of sin. 
Avril didn’t even have the strength to lift her head, she had no idea what was happening. 
Only waves of sharp pain. 
An unprecedented feeling bombarded her brain. 
Wandering between pleasure and pain, she gradually lost consciousness. 
[Health: 200, Attack: 80, Defense: 100] 
At this moment, the system’s voice sounded. 
Lin Tian couldn’t care less about this, but suddenly, he heard voices from below. 
“Avril, are you there? Why is it taking so long to pack up?” 
Clin pushed aside a panel and came up from the secret room, full of worry. 
However, the scene before his eyes shocked him to the core! 
Holding his head, he roared, “Ahhh! What is this Goblin doing! My Avril!” 
A powerful magical force exploded! 
It forcibly pushed Lin Tian back over ten meters, watching him warily. 
Immediately after, several magic orbs shot towards him! 
Lin Tian quickly used the Brutal Roar skill, but he changed the shape of his mouth, shouting the strong sound waves to the side. 
This way, he would be propelled backward by the recoil. 
“Boom!” 
The sound waves destroyed a large section of the wall. 
Lin Tian flew backward, avoiding the magic orbs’ attack. 
It was essentially a displacement skill. 
Clin fell into madness, holding Avril’s now cold body, crying bitterly, “Goblin! You evil race, I will wipe all of you out!” 
After saying this, he prepared to continue attacking. 
Fight until death! 
But suddenly, Clin felt a chill on his back! 
A very familiar chill. 
Frightened, he quickly used a high-level magic shield. 
Like before, it was easily shattered, and he was sent flying. 
Alice walked into the castle slowly, her expression calm as water. Behind her lay countless corpses! 
Clin was terrified by this sight. It was obvious from the corpses that they had been instantly killed by sharp blades. He exclaimed in shock, “You! Did you kill those people?!” 
He had thought that at least the Sword Saintess wouldn’t slaughter the residents. 
The soldiers could hold out for a while. 
No wonder a Goblin had broken into the castle so quickly, leading to Avril’s death. 
“So what if I did?” Alice said indifferently, without a trace of guilt. 
Clin felt like he was going crazy, “You’ve killed so many people you were supposed to protect, and you just say ‘so what’? You’re unworthy of being the Sword Saintess! Unworthy of the Holy Sword! You desecrate the holy office! You should be nailed to the cross!” 
“Ah!” 
Clin’s mouth was still open, but his voice abruptly stopped! 
A black longsword flew over, piercing his mouth and pinning him to the wall. 
It wasn’t over yet. 
Alice went outside and picked up a few iron swords. 
Clin, now unable to speak, looked terrified, his body trembling as if begging for mercy. 
Unfortunately, a cold longsword flew in! 
Pinning his left hand to the wall. 
Then his right hand! 
Both feet! 
Clin experienced the death of Jesus firsthand. 
Alice then looked at Lin Tian, “Is there anyone else to kill?” 
“Basically, no. Thanks for your hard work.” 
Lin Tian was a bit scared. The white-hat magician didn’t even have a chance to use magic. 
Just like that, he was taken out. 
The blackened Sword Saintess was even more terrifying than before. 
Lin Tian then found the panel Clin had pushed aside and saw the wooden ladder leading to the secret room. 
Going down, there was a long stone path. 
At the end was a small room. 
On the bookshelf, there were indeed many magic books, along with many gold coins and various miscellaneous items. 
Pushing open the door, it led outside. 
Lin Tian frowned slightly as he saw a few figures already fleeing in the distance, almost out of sight. 
He could chase them, but he thought better of it. 
Even if it wasn’t reported in detail, it would eventually be known. 
After all, a city had been captured. 
“Ifreya, take a look and see which magic books are good, take them all.” 
Lin Tian called her over, pointing to the bookshelf in the secret room. 
He then picked up a book himself to take a look. 
Only then did he realize that the Clin family had been a family of wizards for hundreds of years. 
Tracing back over a hundred years, they even had a Grand Archmage. 
No wonder they dared to build a castle and claim lordship. 
They had the strength for it. 
At this time, Ifreya looked at the magic books in shock, “There are hundreds of high-level magic skills, ten super-level, and three ultimate-level spells! One world-class magic spell!” 
“Oh?” Lin Tian was also curious. 
Ifreya, moved, said, “Thank you, master. Once I master these, I will serve you even better!” 
Saying this, she knelt down and kissed Lin Tian’s foot. 
“Alright, take them all.” 
Lin Tian also took some gold. 
Although he couldn’t use money in the human world, gold was also used in the non-human civilizations. 
Like the Dwarf Kingdom, the Elf Kingdom, and so on. 
Outside. 
The bodies of those soldiers had been arranged by Gobu Shan to be eaten by the almost-evolving big variants. 
The low-level Goblins could only eat ordinary residents. 
Their existence was meant to be cannon fodder, born from magical creatures, inherently weak. 
Even if they evolved, they were still weak. 
Feeding high-level soldiers to them was a waste of resources. 
After this, over a hundred big variants evolved into hero variants! 
There were also many other resource gains. 
The most regrettable thing was the city itself. 
But now they were the focus of the Lionheart Empire and the Church, so there was no way they could occupy a city to live in. 
Lin Tian was not arrogant enough to confront the entire empire and the Church. 
Though perhaps, in a year or so. 
By then, the army they developed would be able to confront any opponent. 
