Chapter 94: Revenge 
TL: Sungmin  
Following his memory, he quickly arrived at the Giant Forest. 
It was still a familiar scene, with tall trees reaching the clouds and massive trunks that made a strong visual impact. 
This was far more shocking than the Myriad Forms Forest where the elves lived. 
“Brother Birdman sure knows how to choose a place to live. There’s no fear of encountering any threats here,” Lin Tian couldn’t help but remark. 
Soon, he saw the nest of the Cannibal Eagle Tribe. 
Some cannibal eagles were resting outside. 
However, upon closer inspection, Lin Tian frowned. Many of those cannibal eagles seemed to be injured. 
Some were even seriously wounded, with bones exposed. 
When they noticed Lin Tian, the cannibal eagles clearly panicked and started scattering, hiding in their nests. 
They cautiously stuck their heads out to check. 
“Don’t be afraid, it’s me, Goblin,” Lin Tian called out, having visited a few times and being somewhat familiar. 
The cannibal eagles timidly came out. 
Seeing their miserable state, Lin Tian frowned and asked, “What’s happened to you? How did you get hurt here?” 
These injuries were unusual. 
Regardless of age or gender, everyone was injured, and it was clearly from beatings. 
A group of cannibal eagles cowered, not daring to speak. 
“Where’s Brother Birdman? Don’t tell me he’s bullying you guys?” Lin Tian cursed and started looking around. 
At this moment, a female cannibal eagle came out and said, “The lord… he fell ill…” 
She was the wife of the cannibal eagle lord. 
However, she looked very haggard, with many feathers forcibly plucked. 
“Fell ill?” Lin Tian hurried into the nest behind her. 
On a simple pile of grass, the Cannibal Eagle Lord lay. 
His eyes were tightly closed, his whole body shivering in pain as if suffering from severe chills. 
Moreover, he was missing a wing! 
“What the hell happened? How did the lord end up like this?” Lin Tian quickly asked. 
His wife immediately burst into tears, “It’s the lords from the west and north, they did this, boo hoo…” 
“They came once before and beat him badly. He thought about asking you for help, but you weren’t around. He couldn’t bear to ask your tribe for help, fearing they would get hurt, boo hoo…” 
“Then, when he came back, those lords brought their tribes over, broke his wing, roasted it in front of us, and ate it. They also beat us all, boo hoo…” 
The female cannibal eagle sobbed as she spoke. 
She was very pitiful. 
Lin Tian’s eyes twisted with rage, scaring the cannibal eagles outside who had gathered to look. They quickly retreated. 
He questioned, “Why did the Northern and Western Lords attack you? Aren’t they afraid of the Great Tomb’s wrath?” 
“Because my lord introduced you to the Great Tomb and you became the Grand Lord, they bore a grudge…” The female cannibal eagle continued. 
Lin Tian squinted, exuding a terrifying cold aura, and slowly nodded, “I understand, Madam. I’m really sorry for causing brother Birdman to end up like this.” 
“Please wait a moment. I’ll be back soon.” 
Then, Lin Tian brought his pet Ifreya to the Cannibal Eagle Tribe. 
Now, she had mastered many healing and defense magic spells. 
However, she couldn’t learn world-class magic yet, as her level wasn’t high enough; it had to be over level 99. 
Lin Tian looked at everyone and asked, “Can you heal them?” 
Ifreya, full of confidence, said, “Don’t worry, Master. These external injuries are easy to heal. High-tier magic: Healing Rain!” 
From the sky, a green rain fell. 
It covered ten times the area it did before, even directly covering half of the Cannibal Eagle Tribe. 
In one go, it healed all the injured cannibal eagles. 
Their injuries visibly recovered. 
“Oh my god, is this healing magic? I healed so quickly!” 
“Thank you, Lord Goblin!” 
“Our lord is saved too, great!” 
The cannibal eagles were extremely excited. Despite being a lord’s tribe, they were in a pitiful state now. 
Lin Tian then took Ifreya into the nest. 
“Can you heal him?” 
Looking at Brother Birdman’s injuries, Ifreya frowned, “I can’t restore his wing unless I learn that world-class magic. For now, I can only heal him.” 
“Really? That’s enough.” 
Lin Tian was slightly surprised, not expecting that world-class magic could achieve such feats. 
He just needed to save Brother Birdman. 
Ifreya picked up her magic book and cast super-tier magic, “Redemption Star!” 
In the night sky. 
A meteor flashed by, taking away Brother Birdman’s pain. 
Gradually, he finally opened his eyes, breathing steadily, “Little Tian, why are you here? Am I hallucinating, or did I die? The pain is gone!” 
“Brother Birdman, it’s me. You’re not dead, and it’s not a hallucination. I’ve come to save you.” Lin Tian said. 
Looking at the familiar faces and hearing his wife’s relieved and excited sobs, the Cannibal Eagle finally came to his senses. 
But then he clenched his fists in anger, “Those damned bastards, Little Tian, I want to ask you for a favor!” 
“No need to say it, I already plan to do that.” Lin Tian replied coldly, his eyes flashing with murderous intent. 
The Cannibal Eagle was deeply grateful, “With your word, I’m relieved. Let’s gather a large number of monsters and give those two lords in the north and west a good beating!” 
“Beat them? Heh, hold on, I’ve got something for you first.” Lin Tian took out an eleventh-tier magic tool. 
‘Blades of Wings.’ 
“Swish!” 
This pair of wings, full of sharp blades, was crafted from Rhines metal. They were very light but incredibly durable, especially sharp. 
Combined with the dwarves’ enchantment, the user’s speed would greatly increase. 
Everyone’s eyes were drawn to these wings! 
They were stunning, with an overall black tone accented by silver edges, giving a cold and noble feel. 
“This!” 
The Cannibal Eagle, having participated in the Great Tomb and Church’s Holy War, had seen many magic tools. 
He could recognize at a glance that this was a high-tier magic tool, extremely precious! 
He hurriedly refused, “Little Tian, I can’t accept something so precious!” 
Lin Tian looked helpless, “Do you think I need a pair of wings?” 
Saying that, he prepared to install the wings on the Cannibal Eagle. 
But before that, the remaining wing had to be broken. 
The Cannibal Eagle gritted his teeth, “Do it!” 
“Swish!” 
As soon as the words fell, Lin Tian gave him no time to prepare mentally and directly used the Blades of Wings to cut off his wing. 
The longer the wait, the greater the mental pressure. 
“Ah!” 
The excruciating pain made the Cannibal Eagle’s feathers stand up! 
Ifreya quickly healed his wound. 
Immediately after, Lin Tian placed the Blades of Wings on his back, pressed a mechanism, and a row of fine long needles embedded into the flesh, completing the installation. 
“Be careful, the sharpness of this thing is no joke.” After installing, Lin Tian said. 
He was really afraid that a single flap would dismember everyone. 
The Cannibal Eagle cautiously walked outside. 
“Swish!” 
He spread the huge Blades of Wings, almost ten meters wide! 
Each feather was a sharp butcher’s knife! 
Then, as he flapped his wings, he turned into a blur and disappeared into the Giant Forest. 
The wings emitted a faint magical glow. 
He gained a speed boost. 
Flying past a towering tree, the next second, the giant tree was cut in half and fell with a crash. 
He could also shoot feathers, which were enough to pierce through a tree trunk. 
“Little Tian, this thing is amazing! I don’t know how to thank you!” The Cannibal Eagle flew back excitedly. 
Lin Tian said calmly, “It’s nothing, it’s not precious to me. Let’s get going, I’m eager to feel the thrill of tearing their flesh apart.” 
Although the Cannibal Eagles were thrilled, they were also a bit frightened. 
This Goblin seemed like a different person. 
Terrifyingly deep, once a harmless little lackey, now finally showing his sharp edge. 
“I’ve longed for this moment as well!” 
The Cannibal Eagle’s sharp eyes gazed into the distance. 
The flames of revenge were ignited. 
Lin Tian returned to notify Gobu Kuang, Alice, and the others to set off, just in time to test the magic tools he had obtained. 
To avoid embarrassment from not knowing how to use them later. 
… 
Western Region of the Great Tomb 
This area was rich in resources, mainly composed of water sources like rivers and lakes. 
Beneath the calm and deep waters lurked many fierce and terrifying monsters. 
At this moment, a low-tier monster, a giant-eyed dragonfly, was laying eggs on the lake’s surface. 
Just as its tail touched the water’s surface! 
A webbed hand suddenly reached out from below and grabbed the dragonfly’s tail. 
It was a member of the Water Demon Tribe, the ruler of the western lake. 
They looked somewhat human but had fish-like bodies and moved very quickly in the water. 
Upon coming ashore, they would transform into legs. 
With brown skin and dirty, wet long hair. 
Their faces were twisted and pockmarked, with no eyelids, and gills on their necks were blood-red. 
Extremely ugly. 
They exposed their dense sharp teeth and bit off the dragonfly’s head, sucking the thick, foul-smelling juice. 
In a few gulps, it was sucked dry. 
Casually tossing it aside, they dove back into the water to lurk. 
“This season is when giant-eyed dragonflies lay eggs. Water demons love to suck their juices. Despite the calm water, many water demons are lurking below.” 
On a protruding boulder on a hillside, the Cannibal Eagle explained. 
Behind him were Lin Tian, his group, and many Goblins, including Lia and Alice. 
“Underwater, huh? I can’t swim,” Gobu Kuang said, scratching his head. 
The others were the same. 
Lin Tian squinted his eyes darkly, “Perfect, let’s develop some Goblins that are naturally good swimmers. These water demons are the best breeding tools.” 
“But how do we lure them out?” Lia asked helplessly. 
They were underwater, and knowing there were so many people above, they wouldn’t come out rashly. 
Lin Tian smiled crookedly, “I don’t believe only water demons live in this lake.” 
He then used the ‘call’ skill! 
With his mind, he controlled all the monsters in the lake, as long as they weren’t highly intelligent. 
Everyone stared at the lake. 
Time passed by, but nothing happened, it remained calm. 
At this moment. 
A surge of crimson blood churned in the lake! 
Gradually, large amounts of blood appeared around, increasing until the entire lake turned into a blood lake! 
