Chapter 97: Want to Complain? Go Complain to the Great Tomb 
TL: Sungmin  
Entering the cave, the Heart of Apollo in Lin Tian’s hand served as a lighting tool. 
It allowed Lia and the Cannibal Eagle, who lacked night vision, to see clearly. 
As they ventured deeper, they saw a filthy monster covered in long red hair squatting on the ground, gnawing on the flesh of a magical beast. 
The creature, standing over two meters tall, was as large as Gobu Kuang. 
Suddenly, the Red-haired Yeti seemed to sense someone approaching and paused what it was doing. 
Slowly, it turned its head. 
Its eyes emitted a creepy white glow in the dim cave, appearing lively and terrifying. 
The stench of the corpse and a strange odor from the creature assaulted their nostrils. 
“Little bug, I’ve raised you for so long, and you turn out to be an ingrate?! You even want to bring people to teach me a lesson?” 
The voice of the Red-haired Yeti echoed through the cave, cold and sinister. 
The snow spirit, frightened, hid in Lia’s large bosom, not daring to make a sound. 
“Ah, so cold! Little guy, can you find another place to hide?” 
Lia shivered, her face flushed as she spoke bitterly. 
At this moment, the Red-haired Yeti was taken aback. “Hmph, so it’s you, that mangy bird. Changed wings? Where’s the other one? Roast it for me, don’t waste it, hahaha!” 
“Shut up!” The Cannibal Eagle shouted angrily. 
He was the one who had torn off its wings and roasted them in the past. 
Lin Tian squinted his eyes, “So it’s you? Little guy, if I help you take him out, will you follow me?” 
The magic crystals produced by snow elves could significantly increase experience. 
As long as he had a large group of snow elves serving him, he could gain a continuous supply of experience fruits. 
“Yes, yes, as long as you don’t hurt me.” The snow spirit said timidly, eyes full of fear and dread. 
However, it precisely found the most comfortable, warm, and safe place to hide. 
Lin Tian smiled with satisfaction. He could avenge the Cannibal Eagle, eliminate a future threat, and recruit the snow spirit. 
A triple win, a bloodless profit. 
The Red-haired Yeti looked disdainful, “Take me out? A trash goblin dares to think?” 
“Trash?!” 
Gobu Kuang roared, activating all his magical tools, sending several powerful beams shooting forward. 
In an instant, the Red-haired Yeti was blasted against the wall, blue light flashing like welding sparks. 
With a loud bang, the cave wall was pierced through. 
The Red-haired Yeti was thrown dozens of meters away, landing on the ground in a sorry state. 
Its chest hair melted, and the flesh was almost gone. 
But then, the surrounding snow gathered, reshaping a new body for him. 
He mockingly said, “In this snowfield, you can’t kill me!” 
With that, he waved his hand, and the blizzard intensified! 
Within seconds, the cave was almost buried. 
Everyone hurried out, but the heavy snow obstructed their vision, making it impossible to see anything. 
They couldn’t even see the person next to them. 
It was like a torrential snowstorm. 
The Red-haired Yeti’s triumphant laughter echoed around, but he couldn’t be found, “I am the strongest lord! In this endless blizzard, you will die…” 
Before he could finish, he felt a chill on his back! 
He, a Red-haired Yeti, shouldn’t fear the cold. 
But now he felt a chill! 
He turned abruptly, but before he could see clearly, he was sliced into pieces. 
Alice’s blade fell swiftly, surprisingly easy. 
She thought this guy had high defense, but it felt as easy as cutting cake. 
In the distance. 
The Red-haired Yeti reformed his body, his face full of fear, “What happened just now? What were those three terrifying pressures!” 
Even though he could revive infinitely, he was now trembling all over, feeling a deep cold. 
It was a fear from the depths of his soul. 
He absolutely did not want to experience it again. 
At this moment, Lin Tian increased the power of Heart of Apollo, instantly evaporating the surrounding snow. 
In the distance, the Red-haired Yeti was stunned, “What’s that thing? Wait…!” 
Suddenly, he felt that chilling sensation again. 
Gobu Tian, possessing a certain degree of x-ray vision, locked onto him and used the Void Dagger to target his heart! 
A large hole was opened on the spot. 
The Red-haired Yeti died without making a sound. 
“What kind of monsters are these? Isn’t this my domain?” 
After reforming his body, the Red-haired Yeti was both frightened and angry. 
He was supposed to be the ruler of the snowfield. 
But in the next second, an arrow shot over, exploding his head. 
Although he could revive infinitely, his body was fragile, and the pain was real. 
This time, he learned his lesson and revived a bit further away. 
The Cannibal Eagle spoke, “Stay close to Little Tian to keep warm. I’ll find him!” 
Though he said find, he meant covering the area with firepower! 
He transformed into a blur, flying at low altitude, his sharp wings capable of annihilating all creatures in his path! 
He almost formed a tornado. 
In this wave, the Red-haired Yeti died dozens of times in a row! 
If he didn’t revive quickly, the blizzard would stop, making it easier to be hunted down. 
“Help! I can’t take it anymore! You crazy bastards!” 
Helpless, the Red-haired Yeti could only stop reviving and halt the blizzard, crawling on the ground like a pile of snow. 
If he died again, he would collapse. 
“Forget it, bird brother, leave it to me. We’ve tortured him long enough; we can’t kill him this way.” Lin Tian said, signaling everyone to move away from him. 
He adjusted the Heart of Apollo to over a thousand degrees! 
The surrounding snow evaporated with a hiss, emitting a large amount of white smoke! 
It didn’t even have a chance to melt into water, perhaps just for an instant. 
Thunk! 
In the distance, the Red-haired Yeti, now a puddle of an unknown liquid on the ground, sensed something terrifying approaching. 
It was true death! 
Melting and evaporating! 
“Don’t come near! I’ll die! Stay away from me! I’ll really die!” 
The Red-haired Yeti crawled desperately, but in this state, he was too slow. 
He reshaped his form while fleeing, terrified and desperate. 
Lin Tian, like a grim reaper in the white smoke, approached and said, “You’re quite amusing. If I weren’t here to kill you, why would I go to such lengths?” 
“You madman! We just had a minor conflict; there’s no need to kill me! Besides, I’m the Northern Lord; killing me will anger the Demon Lord!” 
The Red-haired Yeti said in a panic while fleeing. 
Claiming to be invincible in his domain, he now desperately wanted to escape. 
Lin Tian didn’t care about any of this. He charged forward, the high temperature scorching the Red-haired Yeti’s body, making a sizzling sound! 
And his screams. 
“Stop it, I’m melting!” 
The Red-haired Yeti’s entire body began to blur, his features distorted and slowly melting away. 
The high temperature rendered him immobile. 
He could only die bit by bit. 
The one surefire way to kill him, and they had stumbled upon it by chance. 
Seeing him now, Lin Tian thought of something familiar. 
He then extended a finger, dipped it in the melting Red-haired Yeti, and tasted it, “Not bad, tastes like strawberry ice cream.” 
Finding it delicious, he took a few more big bites. 
“You beast, you’re eating me right in front of me?! Do you have to kill my spirit too?!” The Red-haired Yeti, in excruciating pain, gritted his teeth and cursed. 
“Ding, congratulations to the host for acquiring the skill ‘Blizzard Environment.'” 
“Huh?” 
Lin Tian was stunned. Eating ice cream and gaining a skill was beyond him. 
However, he couldn’t withstand the cold of the blizzard environment, so he used Abnormal Fusion again. 
He absorbed a large chunk of ‘strawberry ice cream.’ 
If he mutated into the Red-haired Yeti’s form, he could resist the cold. 
“Your melting rebirth is quite something. Let me see if I can acquire it.” 
Lin Tian thought that since he had come this far, he might as well get another skill. 
And it was quite a good one. 
He inadvertently took a few more big bites. 
The Red-haired Yeti, in extreme pain, cried, “You beast, you ate my nipples and ears…!” 
Then, with a shocked expression, he said, “!!! Stop, that’s my little brother! You can’t eat that!” 
“Ugh…” 
Lin Tian looked disgusted, shaking his fingers to get rid of the Red-haired Yeti remnants. 
Damn, he almost ate that. 
It’s best not to eat anymore. 
“Ah! What have you done? You evaporated my happiness! You’ve left me without love!” 
The nearly completely melted Red-haired Yeti screamed in agony. 
Now, he could die in peace. 
Before he died, he said viciously, “You damned guy, the Demon Lord won’t let you off! I’ll be waiting for you on the other side!” 
Hearing this. 
Seeing he was about to evaporate, Lin Tian narrowed his eyes and extinguished Heart of Apollo. 
He said coldly, “I’ve changed my mind. I won’t let you die just like that. I should truly destroy your spirit.” 
Now he had a one-for-one idea. 
He thought that if he died, Lin Tian would die soon after. 
That way, it wouldn’t be too sad. 
“What?” 
The Red-haired Yeti didn’t react for a moment, but he quickly started to run away. 
He reshaped his body as he ran. 
Until he disappeared into the vast snow. 
Everyone hurried over, the Cannibal Eagle asked in confusion, “He escaped? Shall I chase him?” 
“No need. And that Water Demon Lord, I’ll release him too when we get back.” 
Lin Tian spoke calmly, but there was an extremely evil undertone. 
It sent chills down everyone’s spine. 
The Cannibal Eagle didn’t object because he never intended to kill them, as it would violate the Great Tomb’s rules. 
“Let’s go, it’s too cold here.” 
Lia shivered, mainly because the snow spirit in her arms was icy cold. 
Lin Tian then relit Heart of Apollo. 
But before leaving, he asked, “Snow spirit, what are your plans now?” 
“I have none, but I promised you I can produce snow crystals for you.” 
The snow spirit said excitedly, all previous timidity gone. 
Lin Tian wasn’t satisfied with just that, “Do you have any kin? Or are you the only snow spirit in this vast snowfield?” 
“I can summon them from the wind and snow. Before, I didn’t want more snow elves to be enslaved, so I told them not to be born.” The snow spirit explained. 
Lin Tian’s eyes lit up, “Alright, then summon as many snow elves as possible during this time. I’ll come find you later.” 
“Okay!” 
… 
The group hurriedly left this frigid place. 
Lin Tian didn’t expect to gain the treasure of the snow spirit unexpectedly. 
He could hide his trump card army in the snowfield, making it hard to be discovered. 
And he could also eat snow crystals to level up. 
This wouldn’t arouse suspicion from those in the Great Tomb. 
Otherwise, the discrepancy between the number of goblin troops and the consumption of magical creatures would easily raise suspicion. 
He believed those guys inside weren’t fools and would notice these things. 
Next, he would quietly wait for them to complain in the Great Tomb. 
