Chapter 104: Do It, Kill Lin Tian! 
TL: Sungmin 
“Hey, I know you’re in a hurry, but don’t rush just yet. I’m not the type who enjoys fighting and killing. It would be best if you could surrender.” Lin Tian spoke in a sarcastic tone. 
In an instant. 
Even the cardinal couldn’t hold back any longer and cursed, pointing at Lin Tian’s nose, “Beast! Stop slandering us! Does our church seem like a bunch of bloodthirsty fighters to you?” 
“But you were the ones who wanted to start the war.” Lin Tian replied innocently. 
The cardinal’s expression twisted, his lips twitching, “I…!” 
Yet, he didn’t know how to retort for a moment. 
Charles II stopped him, “Bishop, stop arguing with him. Soldiers! For justice, annihilate these monsters! Reclaim our saintess!” 
“Hah!” A deafening shout erupted. 
It echoed through everyone’s hearts like the chimes of a soul bell. 
The battle erupted instantly. 
The goblins showed no signs of fear, opening their mouths full of sharp teeth and saliva, roaring as they charged! 
Lin Tian first commanded the larger monsters to charge at the forefront. 
They mustn’t allow their shieldmen to form a formation, or they would be pushed back relentlessly. 
“Oh my god, what are these things!” 
The shieldmen, seeing the massive beasts charging at them, felt a sense of dread, like a mantis trying to stop a chariot. 
They didn’t dare to lift their heads. 
But they didn’t retreat either, burying their heads behind their shields and gritting their teeth, using all their strength to resist. 
Yet, they couldn’t withstand the impact of the four- to five-meter-tall monsters. 
The front lines of the imperial troops were immediately broken. 
Lin Tian quickly ordered, “Charge in!” 
With the formation broken, it was the best time to strike directly. 
A large number of goblins infiltrated the ranks of the imperial soldiers, engaging in close combat. 
However, even with simple iron armor, they were no match for the fully armored soldiers. 
On average, it took five small goblins to take down one fully armored soldier. 
For the larger variants, it took two. 
But the final outcome was still uncertain. 
“Lancers, blade riders! Take down those larger beasts first! Shieldmen, regroup!” Charles II shouted, commanding with unwavering composure. 
The neighs of carnivorous horses echoed! 
Heavy cavalry from both sides began charging into the central battlefield, their hoofbeats striking fear! 
Cavalry against infantry was a dimension reduction strike. 
Especially heavy cavalry. 
Their path was littered with goblin corpses. 
There was no way to fight back. Even if you wanted to attack, your reach wasn’t as far as the lancers, and the carnivorous horses were also armored. 
There was no way to attack. 
Several blade riders wielded long knives, beginning to dismember a giant tusked boar. 
After a flurry of attacks, the fifth-tier monster was soon hacked to death, its body covered in gruesome wounds. 
A horrifying sight. 
Having dealt with one, the cavalry moved to the next target. 
Charles II smiled slightly, boasting, “Now you’ll see the power of the empire’s iron! Crush their skulls to pieces!!” 
During the Yuan Dynasty, the Mongolian cavalry, known as the scourge of God, had terrified half of Europe. 
This was the strength of cavalry. 
Lin Tian and his group stayed behind, watching the scene from afar, their expressions heavy. 
No wonder they lost in the life simulation before, the cavalry were too powerful. 
They would definitely have to develop this unit in the future. 
But this time, he wouldn’t be afraid. 
“Swish, swish, swish!” 
Suddenly, dark tentacles extended into the battlefield, wrapping around the carnivorous horses and riders together. 
They were shoved into a giant mouth, where crunching and grinding sounds were heard, sparks flying! 
The Black Goat Spawns had joined the battle. 
To the cavalry and the entire imperial army, they were a nightmare. 
With over ten tentacles, many were lifted into the air, witnessing their comrades being chewed up close by, their flesh and blood being crushed, scaring them to the point of wetting themselves! 
“Captain! No, someone save us!” A soldier screamed. 
He watched helplessly as his most respected captain was swallowed by the Black Goat Spawn. 
The head was bitten by giant, human-like teeth. 
With a forceful bite. 
Blood splattered onto the soldier. 
Even the armor was swallowed. 
Suddenly, streaks of holy light sword energy shot forth. 
The cardinal rescued the soldier, “I’ll handle these two monsters. Summoning heretical creatures, it must be its doing, right?” 
He wielded the Holy Cross Sword, continuously slashing out holy light sword energy. 
In an instant, several wounds appeared on the Black Goat Spawn. 
However, after devouring a few soldiers, it began to heal. 
But if this continued, it would be killed by the cardinal sooner or later. 
“Alice, you know what I want to say.” Lin Tian’s voice sounded solemn. 
Alice slowly drew the Ominous Blade, her expression cold, “I understand…” 
Her azure eyes were filled with hatred for the cardinal! 
The cardinal, who was in the midst of a fierce battle with the Black Goat Spawn, suddenly felt a chill down his spine. 
He quickly turned around to see Alice slowly approaching him through the fighting crowd. 
The soldiers who saw Alice didn’t attack; they kept trying to persuade her. 
Unfortunately. 
She cut down a large swath with a single sword strike! 
“Alice… can you really turn back?” Seeing her current state, the cardinal felt extreme disappointment, “This is all my sin. Let me put an end to it!” 
Now wielding the Holy Cross Sword, his combat power had reached nearly 7,000. 
Meanwhile, Alice, equipped with dual fused world-class magical artifacts and tenth-tier armor, had her combat power soaring to a full 7,000. 
This was why Rebecca had felt her life threatened upon seeing Alice before. 
“Ultimate Magic: Angel’s Redemption!” 
After chanting, the holy light on the long sword burst forth, and the cardinal glowed like a dazzling golden ball of light. 
One could see the golden lines spreading from the long sword to half of his body. 
The left side of his body also sprouted half a light wing. 
A red cross tattoo on his forehead radiated intense light. 
His eyes subtly glowed gold. 
He looked like a ‘Power Angel,’ exuding a majestic and sacred aura. 
Angels were divided into Power Angels, Thrones, Cherubim, Seraphim, Archangels, and so on. 
Among them, Power Angels were of the warrior type. 
Alice’s face remained cold, unfazed by the howling holy light that blew her golden hair around. 
She simply asked, “Do you regret it?” 
“I have repented countless times. Today is the day of redemption. Come, Sword Saintess!” The cardinal answered resolutely. 
But Alice stared intensely into his eyes, making him somewhat guilty, “But I smell killing intent on you. Do you want to kill me?” 
She wasn’t literally smelling it. 
It was the whispers of the dark void in her ear, saying it smelled the intent to kill her. 
The cardinal’s guilt was apparent, “You are already incurable. I will redeem you now!” 
With that, he disappeared in an instant. 
He was already above Alice, the Holy Cross Sword poised to strike down. 
Indeed, seeing Alice calmly kill soldiers earlier, he had decided he couldn’t let her live. 
So he started with his ultimate move, all power unleashed. 
Alice swiftly dodged, sending two fierce steel winds towards him. 
The cardinal’s holy light shield blocked them, but then his expression changed, “What!” 
The shield cracked after two hits and eventually shattered. 
As he was still in shock. 
Alice had already gathered the exclusive skill of her world-class magical artifact, “Dragon of the Damned!” 
The soul of the dragon within the sword had fully submitted to Alice. 
She could control it at will. 
She then rushed to the cardinal and engaged in close combat. 
Every strike came with the terrifying roar of a dragon. 
The cardinal blocked, cold sweat breaking out on his forehead, “What is this power?! It feels like each hit is a dragon pouncing on me!” 
One misstep, and he would die in the dragon’s maw. 
The intense pressure from the dragon’s might made it hard for him to breathe. 
After all, the dragon was once on par with the ancient dragon kings, its power over 10,000. 
Yet, the cardinal could still hold his ground. 
… 
At this moment, Charles II of the Lionheart Empire, Klein, and the Imperial Knights. 
All their eyes were locked on Lin Tian, each wielding a tenth-tier magical artifact. 
‘Holy War Gauntlets’ and ‘Imperial Battle Flag.’ 
Klein, who obtained his magical artifact from the church after trials, wielded it with immense killing power and anti-monster properties. 
After half a year of relentless practice, he could destroy a fifth-tier monster with a single punch. 
The Imperial Battle Flag, used by the Imperial Knights, was an area amplification artifact. 
Every wave granted nearby allies boosts in speed, strength, and defense. 
It also provided immunity to most slowing effects, poison, and more. 
An essential artifact for opening engagements. 
Charles II’s Lionheart Sword, an eleventh-tier magical artifact, was forged from the faith of countless citizens. 
It lacked anti-monster effects but possessed tremendous destructive power. 
It also had the exclusive skill ‘Unyielding Lion’s Roar,’ which had an extended range, stunning enemies for a long time. 
“Your Majesty, shall we strike? Make sure to kill him in one blow!” Klein said with hatred-filled eyes. 
Today, his strength had reached 5,000, feeling even stronger than the former Alicenia. 
Thus, he was extremely arrogant. 
The Imperial Knight Captain Hamlet also said, “Once Your Majesty strikes, we’ll rush in and push the others away, then we can kill him!” 
Seeing their determination, Charles II gritted his teeth, “Prepare… let’s move.” 
He took a deep breath and roared loudly toward the front, several meters away! 
“Roar!” 
The deafening lion’s roar formed a funnel, shaking everything in its path! 
Everyone in the triangular area was stunned by the sound waves. 
“Attack!” 
At Hamlet’s command, he swung the Imperial Battle Flag! 
Colorful halos surrounded them. 
Five Imperial Knights charged through, scattering all the goblins in their path with their mounts. 
Lin Tian was hiding behind the army. 
Even Gobu Kuang was knocked unconscious by the roar. 
The small goblin disguised as Lin Tian was bleeding from all seven orifices. 
Charles II and his men, filled with excitement, charged forward. 
“We’ve got him! Die, you beast!” 
