Chapter 105: Despair? Good, Despair! 
TL: Sungmin 
Their frenzied shouts were hysterical. 
Seeing this, many goblins who were not stunned rushed over, trying to protect ‘Lin Tian’. 
However, they were knocked away by the Imperial Knights. 
In an instant, Klein’s punch exploded with a strong holy light. 
It directly smashed into ‘Lin Tian’s’ head. 
On the spot, his brain burst open! 
It exploded everywhere like a balloon. 
Charles II also fiercely stabbed the Lion King’s Sword into ‘Lin Tian’s’ heart, and twisted it. 
The long spears of Hamlet’s men also stabbed wildly. 
They cruelly dismembered the small goblin into pieces. 
In the distance, the real Lin Tian, who had anticipated this terrifying attack, gasped in shock. 
Even his anus was trembling, “Tsk tsk tsk, just how much do they hate me?” 
He couldn’t imagine if it were really him, he would probably be half-dead if not completely dead. 
“Finally… finally, we got you!” Klein laughed madly, trembling with excitement. 
He reached down, picked up a piece of flesh, and threw it towards the goblin army, “Your leader is dead! Surrender now!” 
Charles II exhaled deeply, as if a heavy stone had finally been lifted. 
He was extremely relieved. 
At this moment, Gobu Kuang and the others also recovered, “Boss! You… you died so horribly!” 
Seeing the blurry mess of green flesh, Gobu Kuang immediately knelt on the ground and cried loudly. 
Gobu Tian and Gobu Shan were stunned for a moment, not expecting him to get into character so quickly. 
They then began to mourn as well. 
“My dear boss, didn’t you say you would travel the world with me? How could you leave like this!” 
“He was a hero. It’s a pity he couldn’t fulfill his wish to travel the world. I will carry on your wish, boss!” 
Seeing their exaggerated performance. 
Charles II and the others didn’t notice anything wrong, instead becoming more convinced they had finally killed Lin Tian. 
They didn’t expect it to be so unexpectedly easy. 
Suddenly, a powerful magic beam shot towards him, blasting him away with terrifying force! 
Gobu Kuang, holding various magical items, started attacking. 
Gobu Tian seized the opportunity to capture an Imperial Knight and killed him on the spot. 
As an assassin, if he couldn’t kill with one strike, it would be a waste. 
“These goblins are strong too, be careful!” Charles II got up from a distance, warning cautiously. 
At this moment, a cold voice rang out, “I just don’t get it. Do you hate me this much? Alice chose to be with me willingly, there was nothing I could do.” 
Gulp! 
Hearing this, Charles II and the others’ hearts skipped a beat. 
Lin Tian shed his disguise and returned to his original form, walking slowly towards them. 
These guys had already used their big moves, now was the perfect time to kill them. 
“You! You!” 
Klein looked in disbelief at the pile of flesh, then at Lin Tian. 
He couldn’t believe he wasn’t dead. 
The problem was, all goblins looked the same. 
With facial blindness, it was impossible to recognize them. 
Charles II’s face darkened, “So it’s you. No wonder you’ve been causing chaos in my Lionheart Empire! Today, we will end this!” 
He didn’t expect to fall into the trap so quickly. 
He truly realized the terror of this goblin. 
“Your Majesty, let me duel him! I must vent the resentment in my heart!” Duke Klein said with hatred. 
These six months of effort were for today! 
He then challenged, “Do you dare to duel me?!” 
Lin Tian rolled his eyes and shrugged, “Do I need help to kill you? You guys, don’t interfere.” 
He raised his hand. 
The surrounding goblins stopped. 
“Good! I’m here to avenge myself, Alice, and the entire empire! Can you withstand this rage?” 
With that said, 
Klein’s Holy War Gauntlets burst into intense light, dazzling like flowing fire. 
For monsters, that holy light was scorching flame. 
Touching it meant death. 
Lin Tian stood still, slowly pulling out a sharp shortsword. 
He was fearless, even showing a wicked smile. 
“Die!” 
In an instant! 
A powerful energy erupted behind Klein! 
He flew towards Lin Tian, fists crashing down heavily! 
Charles II and his men frowned, warning, “Be careful, that guy is too calm!” 
Gobu Kuang and the others watched as if it were a show. 
They were not worried about Lin Tian at all. 
However, 
The scene before them was unexpected for everyone! 
Lin Tian raised the shortsword to block, and the blade shattered into pieces! 
The whole person was blasted into pieces by the terrifying fist! 
Mucus splattered everywhere! 
“Damn! Boss!” 
At that moment, Gobu Kuang and the others panicked, truly panicked! 
They never expected their boss to actually die! 
Charles II and his group were also at a loss, “Huh? Did we really kill him?” 
“You did, but not completely.” 
Suddenly. 
The nearby goblin slowly spoke. 
He directly picked up the Spear of Zeus and thrust it fiercely at Klein! 
It pierced through his kidney on the spot. 
A lion uses all its strength to catch a rabbit; naturally, he wouldn’t underestimate these guys. 
Sneak attack, plus full force, suited his style perfectly. 
Klein’s face contorted in pain, “How! You! You despicable scoundrel!” 
He was about to launch another attack. 
“Zzzzzz!” 
In the next second, powerful lightning electrocuted him into a pretzel. 
Lin Tian kicked him away disdainfully and pulled out the Spear of Zeus, “I endured your rage, and then?” 
Unfortunately, Klein was already dead from the electrocution. 
His eyes were wide open, full of resentment. 
After half a year of hellish training, he longed to defeat Lin Tian fair and square to vent his resentment. 
But his ideal was too naive. 
Did he think this world was like a hero’s anime? No one could predict how the plot would change. 
Anyone could die in the next second. 
“Bastard!!!” At this time, Charles II gritted his teeth, his whole body shaking with anger. 
Klein was the kingdom’s greatest young talent, second only to Alice. 
And now he was killed in such a deceitful way. 
Unable to hold back any longer, he yelled, “I’ll kill you!” 
“Your Majesty, wait! This might not be his true form!” Hamlet quickly held him back. 
Charles II struggled a few more times before finally calming down. 
He nearly lost his mind in rage. 
The empire he worked so hard to build over half his life. 
Being toyed with by a goblin felt worse than death! 
Watching a capable general being killed by underhanded means, yet being unable to do anything about it. 
Even a child would cry out of frustration. 
At this moment, a small goblin circled behind them. 
Hamlet was the first to notice something wrong and charged over on his warhorse, killing the goblin on the spot! 
“No, this doesn’t seem to be his true form either…” 
As he was still suspicious. 
A deafening roar erupted from behind! 
“Roar!!” 
Lin Tian’s Ruinous Howl stunned the members of the knight regiment. 
He immediately started attacking. 
Gobu Tian quickly climbed up the horse’s leg and used his Void Dagger to kill someone instantly. 
Their combat power was around 4,000. Without the boost from the Imperial Battle Flag, they could be easily dealt with. 
Gobu Kuang used magic chains to control two people, lifting them and throwing them into the goblin crowd. 
In the blink of an eye, they were devoured completely. 
The last knight bled from all seven orifices, stunned in place. 
Charles II was also affected but not stunned; he quickly retreated. 
“Allen, Emile, Dos! Damn it!!!” 
Hamlet almost screamed, his face twisted with rage as he charged over, his eyes nearly popping out! 
Veins bulged on his neck and forehead! 
He hurriedly rushed towards the last knight, ‘Herbert.’ 
“Herbert! Wake up!” 
Hamlet rode his horse, waving the battle flag, hoping to snap him out of the daze. 
Sure enough. 
Herbert began to regain consciousness, but Gobu Kuang’s giant axe was already before him. 
He quickly turned to flee. 
But it was too late. 
From a distance, on the massive magic beast ‘Elephant Mountain,’ Lia pulled back her bow. 
She released an arrow! 
It hit Herbert’s back precisely, piercing his heart. 
Seeing Herbert collapse, Hamlet relaxed a bit, “Let’s retreat quickly, these guys are too despicable!” 
But Herbert didn’t respond. 
He just stared blankly at him. 
“Herbert? Why are you just standing there? We need to cover the retreat of His Majesty, we can’t worry about Allen and the others now!” Hamlet shouted urgently, both anxious and confused. 
Herbert made a choking sound, hot blood gushing from his throat. 
Barely audible, he said, “Knight Commander… I’m sorry, I can only leave the task of protecting the kingdom to you…” 
Then he fell off his horse. 
The invincible knight order had been nearly wiped out. 
Only Hamlet was left. 
He stood frozen in place, the horrific scene before him turning into endless rage surging to his brain! 
It felt like his blood vessels were about to burst! 
Trembling, he gritted his teeth, making a grinding sound, “What have you done!!!” 
His scream tore his throat, coughing up some bloody saliva. 
Lin Tian looked innocent, “Weren’t you the one who went off to kill goblins? Who can you blame?” 
As the most important support, he went off alone to fight monsters. 
Naturally, that would doom his teammates. 
However, that sneaky low-level goblin was also controlled by Lin Tian. 
The purpose was to lure him away. 
Only then did they have the chance to kill those knights. 
Otherwise, if they were allowed to fight freely, they would be hard to deal with. 
Even if Gobu Kuang and the others teamed up, they might barely hold their own. 
Hamlet’s mind buzzed, “Did I… kill my own team? I’ll fight you to the death! Damn you all!” 
This time, Charles II held him back with all his strength. 
“Wait, have you forgotten? Don’t be impulsive, Knight Commander!!” 
Unfortunately, he had lost his mind. 
The pain of indirectly causing the death of comrades who had fought with him for years was worse than death! 
He had no intention of continuing to live. 
He swung his battle flag and stabbed it into Gobu Kuang’s shoulder, charging forward on his warhorse, pushing him back dozens of meters! 
A large group of goblins pounced on him. 
“Swish!” 
They were all torn apart by the spearhead on the battle flag. 
Speed, strength, and defense were amplified, ignoring control effects. 
He slaughtered the goblins as if they were nothing! 
This was why Lin Tian wanted to sneak attack the knights first; ignoring control effects was tough to deal with. 
He moved freely among the goblins, killing at will. 
But it was time to end this. 
He aimed the Spear of Zeus and threw it forcefully! 
“Thud!” 
It pierced through his body! 
A large bloody hole appeared in his right chest cavity. 
Lin Tian was stunned, “Damn, ignoring control effects can do that? So smooth?” 
But then again, this guy had nearly 6,000 overall combat power. 
In the blink of an eye, he killed hundreds or even thousands of low-level goblins. 
Gobu Kuang got up, forcibly restraining him, while Gobu Tian sneaked up and created another large hole in his heart. 
“Super-tier Martial Skill·Undying Will!!!” 
“Your Majesty, I can’t stay with you anymore! I’m sorry!” 
Hamlet shouted, his eyes turning blood-red, with no pupils or whites visible, his whole body burning with intense fighting spirit! 
His entire figure became almost a blur! 
Blood continuously sprayed from his body, but he seemed unaffected. 
He kept fighting madly. 
A large number of goblins were chopped into pieces. 
Or rather, he was already dead, just a fighting corpse! 
Yet he continued to roar, his aura overwhelming! 
In this state, the goblins were terrified, their legs shaking, retreating and fleeing. 
Even Lin Tian couldn’t help but marvel, “Damn, that’s freakishly powerful? Everyone fall back!” 
They just needed to wait for his super-tier martial skill to expire; there was no need for unnecessary sacrifices. 
“Boss, you’re amazing, dealing with those tough guys so quickly.” 
Gobu Kuang and the others praised in admiration. 
Suddenly, a hysterical voice rang out nearby. 
“Hamlet! I acknowledge your knightly spirit!!! But, but why did it have to be like this!!!” 
Charles II watched from a distance, shouting in agony. 
The once invincible Lionheart King felt powerless, desperate! 
Even terrified! 
In just a brief encounter, they were toyed with by a goblin! 
His top generals were all dead! 
Klein, the Imperial Knight Order, had all achieved great feats. 
Yet they died so miserably, so unceremoniously! 
Who wouldn’t be devastated? 
