Chapter 114: Their Styles Seemed Misaligned 
TL: Sungmin 
“I can help you!” 
At this moment, the resolute voice of the Holy Mother rang out. 
She had no reason to go on living. The corpses of church members surrounded her; even the Pope was dead. 
The cardinal had also perished in the flames of faith. 
Lin Tian’s expression changed slightly as he scrutinized her. “Help? How can you help?” 
He then checked her abilities. 
[Katheryn: Lv99<br/>
Race: Human<br/>
Profession: Holy Mother of Healing Light<br/>
Title: Embodiment of Kindness, Mother of All, Benevolent to All…<br/>
Health: 3100<br/>
Strength: 900<br/>
Defense: 1000<br/>
Skills: Sacred Coordinate, Song of Eden, Redemption of Heaven, Light’s Protection…<br/>
Equipment: Holy Robe, Magic Stone of Light<br/>
Overall: 6500] 
Very weak. 
These were the only two words in Lin Tian’s mind. The Holy Mother was supposed to be on par with the Pope. 
After all, according to legend, Jesus was born of the Holy Mother. 
But in the Holy Church, the position of the Holy Mother was equivalent to support. 
In terms of combat power, she was far inferior to the Pope. 
“I can take you to the Great Tomb immediately, but as a condition, you must defeat Veronica. Otherwise, how can our church members rest in peace?” 
Looking at the many church members who had died in vain, 
The Holy Mother Katheryn’s face was full of tears. 
Heartache, unwillingness. 
She hated her own weak combat power. 
But Lin Tian before her could be used. 
Lin Tian couldn’t help but become interested and quickly asked, “Then what are we waiting for? I never planned to let that person live.” 
Speaking of Rebecca, she could be kept for entertainment. 
But Veronica, pure bones, had nothing to play with. 
The key was that she had lived for who knows how many years, and was a cunning and insidious person. 
He wouldn’t let a tiger grow into a danger and had no confidence in taming such a monster. 
If it needed to be killed, it had to be killed. 
Otherwise, the consequences would be endless. 
If it were a being of flesh and blood, he might let her live for two more days, just to educate her harshly. 
Immediately, 
Katheryn picked up the world-class magic tool, the Endless Holy Grail, from the ground. It still contained a lot of holy magic power. 
She said solemnly, “The magic power in here, combined with my remaining magic power, is only enough for one transmission. If we don’t defeat her, there will be no chance to escape, understand?” 
Upon hearing this, 
Lin Tian’s expression became serious. 
He then decisively said, “There’s still time, hurry and take us there.” 
“World-class Magic · Sacred Coordinate!” 
“Shua!” 
Katheryn forcefully used the world-class magic. A burst of golden light shot up from the Holy Grail! 
The wind and clouds stirred. 
Under the night sky, it was as magnificent and shocking as the sun! 
The pitch-black Great Tomb and the Enchanted Forest, for the first time in decades, were illuminated at night! 
Katheryn herself became radiant and dazzling, as holy as an angelic deity. 
Above the dome, a pair of giant golden eyes were watching over the continent! 
At this moment, she was searching for the coordinates of the Great Tomb. 
Once confirmed, she could teleport directly. 
This skill had a major drawback; it required a huge amount of magic power and time to use. 
But it was enough to leave those goblins gaping in awe! 
Even Lin Tian couldn’t help but marvel, “Damn, magic tools can never compare to the effects brought by skills.” 
No matter how many world-class magic tools one had, they couldn’t compare to magical skills. 
They could only be used as auxiliary items. 
“Coordinates confirmed. Everyone, come close to me!” Katheryn hurriedly said. 
Thousands of goblins quickly gathered around. 
“Buzz!” 
Intense holy light engulfed all the goblins! 
Causing unbearable pain to the monsters. 
Lin Tian frowned, “Are you trying to trick us into killing us?!” 
“Holy light naturally harms you. Bear with it, I’ll heal you all later.” Katheryn said. 
Leading everyone, they ascended to the sky like an ascension! 
They turned into a beam of light and arrived outside the Great Tomb. 
… 
In the deepest dark sanctuary, Veronica was adjusting potions, trying to recover her state quickly. 
Rebecca had also woken up but was seriously injured and unable to move. 
They didn’t have healing skills, so they had to recover slowly or use potions. 
“That damn goblin, I didn’t expect him to hide so deeply! I won’t let him go!” Veronica said angrily. 
She had never felt so humiliated before! Never! 
Even the last time, when she was somewhat embarrassed, it was under the siege of twelve popes. 
But this time? 
She was forced to resort to a striptease to buy time and find an opportunity. 
Though there was nothing to reveal, her inner dignity was completely shattered. 
She was unwilling to accept this and planned to immediately kill Lin Tian once she recovered. 
However, 
Rebecca was also indignant. “He actually resisted my charm. When I get my hands on him, I’ll make him a dog, crawling on the ground and eating the Cerberus’s shit every day!” 
“But, that weapon was very peculiar, the released electric current felt…felt very…” 
Rebecca felt the paralysis throughout her body. 
It was an unprecedented pleasure. 
She closed her eyes, reminiscing about the sensation of the electric current coursing through her body, released from every pore. 
Veronica handed her a new cloak dress. “Don’t worry, he won’t live past tonight. I will reclaim everything that is ours.” 
Her anger flared up more and more as she thought about it. 
But suddenly, 
Her expression changed. “Someone’s coming, and it’s a church member!” 
The powerful holy energy was unmistakable. 
“Church? But weren’t all the church members killed?” 
Rebecca finally managed to stand up after using a recovery potion, her face full of shock. 
Veronica couldn’t believe it and sped up her preparation of the magic potion. 
Because she had first made a recovery potion for Rebecca out of pity, 
Now, it was a loss. 
“Boom!” 
A thunderbolt shattered the layers of the dark sanctuary! 
The Spear of Zeus suddenly struck the bottom, embedding itself in the stone slab, surging with white-blue lightning! 
Rebecca felt inexplicably scared. “Impossible! Is that…that goblin?!” 
Veronica’s heart sank. “Quick, take me away!” 
At least Rebecca could use teleportation magic. 
But the next second, 
A burst of holy light exploded, enveloping the entire Great Tomb fortress. 
“Divine Might!” 
With Lin Tian’s support, Katheryn arrived at the bottom layer of the dark sanctuary. 
Using the last bit of her magic power, she released a skill. 
She sealed off the area. 
Veronica was dumbfounded. “A goblin? Katheryn!? The church members are actually collaborating with goblins? This is the funniest thing I’ve heard in centuries!” 
“Go ahead and laugh. We’re just cooperating to resolve the issues between the church and the Great Tomb!” The Holy Mother Katheryn said solemnly. 
Before her death, she at least wanted to settle the grudge between the church and the Great Tomb. 
As for the goblin disaster, it was left to fate. 
Rebecca stood in front of everyone. “My Lord, you go ahead. I’ll hold them off.” 
“No, you hang on!” 
Veronica quickly prepared the magic potion from behind. 
Lin Tian’s face was dark, and he gave a signal. 
Gobu Jian and his team rushed forward and pinned her down. 
Then they overturned the alchemy table. 
Using the Demon Sealing Sword, they drained the last bit of magic from Veronica. 
“You! You goblins are too ruthless!” 
Veronica was filled with hatred. 
Now, there was no hope of resistance. 
Lin Tian laughed coldly. “Ruthless? Who told you I’m just a weak goblin? Who told you not to see me as a person from the start?” 
“I…” 
Veronica was momentarily speechless, but it was too late to regret. 
Her biggest mistake was underestimating this goblin. 
She even thought she could control him as a pawn, but it backfired. 
Suddenly, 
Two daggers lunged at Lin Tian. 
“Zzzz!” 
The sound of electric currents surged. 
Rebecca fell to the ground stiff, twitching a few times, and groaned, “Ah, ah, ah…you damn goblin…if you dare, don’t use that weapon.” 
“Oh? You’re trying to negotiate with me?” 
Lin Tian grinned maliciously, venting his pent-up resentment! 
This person, he had long wanted to punish severely. 
Monsters feared divine lightning the most, so it was easy to subdue Rebecca. 
After all, she was just support and hadn’t fully recovered her strength. 
Veronica, as a monster, had only learned high-level recovery potions by chance, but for monsters of their level, the effect wasn’t very good. 
Seeing Rebecca like this, she gave up directly.  
“Kill me, just spare Rebecca and stop electrocuting her.” 
“No, my lord, we are proud high-tier monsters. How can we give up now? Keep going if you dare!” 
Rebecca’s white, long legs trembled as she stood up. 
Her attitude was firm. 
It seemed she was ready to resist Lin Tian to the end. 
Veronica shook her head. “I can’t bear it…” 
“Zzzz!” 
How could Lin Tian tolerate this guy’s provocation? 
He electrocuted her again. 
Rebecca writhed on the ground, gasping for breath, as if experiencing a kind of heavenly release and pleasure. 
“Huff, huff, you…you can come at me with anything…” 
Rebecca’s eyes were glazed, and her cheeks flushed as she spoke. 
Lin Tian snorted coldly. “I’ve been putting up with you for a long time. High-tier monster, huh? Looking down on me, huh? How does it feel to crawl at a goblin’s feet?” 
“Zzzz…” 
With each shock, 
Rebecca’s will remained incredibly strong. 
It made Lin Tian feel a bit embarrassed, as if he were a human trafficker in Myanmar. 
But suddenly, he realized something. 
He looked at Rebecca’s expression of enjoyment and asked in surprise, “You don’t actually like this, do you???” 
“Huh?” 
At this moment, Veronica was stunned. 
Rebecca bit her red lip. “No, I’m firmly on the Great Tomb’s side. I will never ally with you goblins!” 
“You disgusting goblin!” 
“Low-level, vile creature!” 
“Why aren’t you electrocuting me when I insult you?” 
“Please, shock me! I’m insulting you!” 
Seeing her like this, Lin Tian realized he had awakened some strange fetish in her. 
Or was it his punishment method that was flawed? 
He no longer felt like taking revenge on her. 
Then, he turned to Veronica. “Never mind her. Demon Lord, do you have any last words?” 
“Last words? I said them centuries ago when I died as a human. Now, I have no last words.” 
Veronica said coldly, no longer harboring any resistance. 
But suddenly, she thought of something. “If it’s a wish, I’d like to live again as a human.” 
For a moment, 
The atmosphere became sorrowful. 
People felt immersed in Veronica’s regret and wish. 
“Sniff, sniff…” 
Katheryn couldn’t help but wipe her tears. 
Lin Tian quickly interrupted this strange turn of events. “Enough, why are you crying now? Are you thinking of letting her go?” 
“Can we?” Katheryn hesitated. 
Lin Tian almost wanted to slap her gentle and lovely face to wake her up. “No way, and you all stop being emo!” 
“My lord, don’t give up…” 
Rebecca mumbled, her mind muddled from the electricity. 
She felt like her body no longer belonged to her, but was floating in the sky. 
Immediately, Lin Tian decisively ordered Gobu Jian, “Do it, don’t fall for her tricks.” 
“Shua!” 
The Demon Sealing Sword came down heavily. 
Veronica’s entire body shattered. 
Her body began to fall apart, scattering into a pile of bones. 
Lin Tian finally relaxed and breathed a sigh of relief. 
He almost let this person’s acting skills gain sympathy; she was indeed cunning. 
He could be fooled once, but never twice. 
However, to everyone’s surprise, the scattered bones on the ground started to slowly reassemble! 
