Chapter 116: Love Offspring of the Black Goat Mother Goddess 
TL: Sungmin 
“Hahaha, whore!” 
In the crowd, a little boy said with a mischievous grin. 
His face was full of insolence. 
He threw the half-eaten bread in his hand. 
His father also laughed heartily. 
Even though the child used foul language, not only did he not stop him, he seemed rather pleased. 
Alice’s gaze locked onto the boy, her pupils suddenly contracted, as if something had ignited within her. 
She displayed a cold killing intent. 
She said nothing more. 
She just stood there quietly, as if waiting for something. 
Outside the city. 
Gobu Kuang and his group easily smashed the gate. 
Countless monsters swarmed into the city like a tidal wave. 
The three-headed dog, towering over ten meters high, leaped over the city walls! 
With a loud crash, several buildings were crushed. 
Cyclops, Minotaurs, Swamp Tentacle Monsters, and other Great Tomb followers. 
They all entered as well. 
The Sinful Swordsman noticed something was wrong, “What, what’s going on over there? What a huge dog!” 
“And it has three heads, monsters! How did monsters get in?” 
“Goblins! A large number of high-tier goblins, be careful!” 
“Where did those strange monsters come from? Why are they here?” 
A group of residents showed expressions of terror. 
They began to retreat, but due to the crowd, it was difficult to move. 
Gobu Kuang and his group approached closer and closer. 
Finally, they stopped behind Alice. 
Their hideous and fierce faces were enough to scare even adults, let alone children! 
The giant three-headed dog bared its teeth, releasing an immense pressure. 
In front of it, humans were as insignificant as ants. 
They didn’t even have a single thought of resistance. 
This was the royal city. The residents, who had lived comfortably for so long, had never seen such a scene. 
They didn’t know what to do. 
The Sinful Swordsman broke out in a cold sweat, trembling, “Everyone, don’t be afraid! Stay calm!” 
“Don’t be afraid? Then you go first!” 
“I have no fighting power, how can I not be afraid!?” 
A group of residents trembled in fear. 
Those who could fight had all joined the army and died on the Laiyang Plains. 
They were all merchants, wealthy families, landlords, or just ordinary workers. 
Compared to Gobu Kuang and his monsters, they were completely powerless. 
The Sinful Swordsman could barely stand. He had some combat ability, but he wasn’t confident enough to handle these monsters. 
Suddenly, pointing at Alice, he shouted, “What are you standing there for? Do something!” 
Alice coldly retorted, “Are you that anxious?” 
“What nonsense are you talking about? Of course, I’m anxious! Those monsters are almost in my face! As the Sword Saintess, if you don’t kill the monsters, are you going to kill us?” 
“Yeah, this is the royal city! If you save us now, you can plead with the King and the Church for leniency!” 
“Don’t waste time with her. She must have realized her mistake and returned to atone for her sins!” 
“That’s right. She will definitely take care of those monsters!” 
The residents suddenly understood. 
They began to feel emboldened and much calmer. 
The Sinful Swordsman sneered, “I even suspect that she called those monsters here, to kill them and claim the credit, staging the whole thing!” 
“Yes, I did call these monsters.” Alice answered calmly. 
The residents, who had been mocking her seconds ago, fell silent. 
Their faces were filled with disbelief. 
They wondered if they had misheard. 
Alice corrected them, “I didn’t call them for credit, but for a massacre.” 
“Hmph, what nonsense are you spouting? This is the royal city, how could…”  
The Sinful Swordsman couldn’t finish his sentence. 
Alice added, “We have already destroyed the Lionheart Empire’s one hundred thousand elite soldiers, and the Church is likely wiped out too.” 
She threw the cardinal’s badge in front of them. 
At that moment. 
Everyone’s hearts pounded with fear. 
They realized Alice wasn’t joking or trying to provoke them. 
She was really here to kill them!!! 
“Y-you must be joking…” The Sinful Swordsman stammered, too nervous to speak clearly as his throat tightened. 
But Alice just stared at him coldly. 
She said nothing. 
Everyone’s hearts sank into despair! 
The excitement from before vanished without a trace. 
Unease, fear, and anxiety began to spread among the crowd. 
Gobu Kuang licked his lips, “These people look even more tender and delicate. I wonder how delicious they are?” 
“Alice, Your Highness, we were just angry. You can’t do this.” 
“Everyone actually respects you a lot. Can’t you take a joke?” 
“It was all just a joke. We were joking!” 
“Please kill those monsters, and we will never say a bad word about you again!” 
The crowd began to soften. 
Their expressions looked worse than if they had eaten shit. 
They were terrified, sweating profusely. 
Alice simply gave a contemptuous smile, “Do it.” 
“Swish!” 
Immediately. 
A goblin manipulated a magical device, using telekinesis to lift the Sinful Swordsman into the air. 
The other monsters charged madly into the crowd! 
Blood and screams painted a horrific scene. 
The Sinful Swordsman was so scared he almost wet himself, “Alice, Your Highness, wait, wait!” 
But no matter how much he begged, it was useless. 
Alice ordered, “Gobu Shan, nail him to the city wall, don’t kill him. Let him bleed out and die slowly in pain and regret.” 
This was his own chosen method of death. 
“No problem, Lady Alice, you truly understand me.” Gobu Shan chuckled. 
He directly transformed a bone skewer, piercing the Sinful Swordsman’s hands and feet. 
Giggling, he carried him toward the city gate. 
Alice’s strength was acknowledged by the goblins, who naturally considered her one of their leaders. 
Her words were taken as orders. 
Immediately after. 
Alice looked at the foul-mouthed boy and his father. 
The two were curled up under a table in a nearby shop. 
The boy’s father, trembling with fear, quickly stood up and apologized, “Lady Alice, the child only wanted to offer you some bread. Don’t misunderstand, how could a child have any bad intentions?” 
“Really? Gobu Kuang, feed his child the bread.” Alice coldly ordered. 
With one swift sword strike, she cleaved the man in half with rampant sword energy! 
His corpse fell to the ground with a thud. 
The brat wailed, collapsing on the ground, trembling, “Dad! Dad!” 
“Little friend, come eat the bread. You have to eat it all.” 
Gobu Kuang grinned, holding over a hundred pieces of bread from the bakery. 
In times like these, food wasn’t made for taste or appearance. 
As long as it was enough to fill the stomach, it was good enough. 
One piece of bread was pure whole wheat, enough to feed an adult for three meals. 
Alice stood on the highest sanctuary of the royal palace. 
She overlooked half of the royal city. 
She enjoyed watching the monsters chase down the fleeing residents, listening to the endless screams. 
“Help, is there anyone who can save me?” 
“Where is the King? Where is the Church? Are they really all wiped out?” 
“I was wrong, Lady Alice! I won’t insult you again. Can you save us like you did before?” 
Unfortunately, 
As soon as the words were spoken, those residents were pounced on by goblins. 
They were devoured bite by bite, swallowed into their stomachs. 
… 
On the Laiyang Plains. 
Lin Tian was ordering the goblins to devour any corpses that were still edible. 
Most had been crushed to dust by the Heaven’s Fall of the Corpse Pope, with only a few scraps left. 
He was seeing if there was anything they could salvage. 
“What a pity, but there’s a silver lining in every misfortune.” Lin Tian sighed. 
A hundred thousand elite soldiers, the Church members, so many goblins, and monsters. 
Such a huge amount of experience could have raised a dozen Overlord variants! 
Too bad his luck wasn’t always good, and now it had run out. 
Veronica also sighed, “I really underestimated the goblin race. Just by scavenging corpses, they can greatly increase their strength. If all goblins were as smart as you, the world might belong to them.” 
“You think flattery will make me let you go? Stop trying to trick me.” Lin Tian snapped at her irritably. 
He then slowly walked toward the corpse of the Black Goat Spawn. 
Surprisingly, it hadn’t been crushed, despite its large size. 
After all, they say that when the sky falls, the tall ones hold it up. 
However, it was severely deformed. 
He found the one where he had planted his seed, stroking it as he sighed, “I was thinking of taking my child to meet the Black Goat Mother Goddess someday.” 
Unfortunately. 
That idea was also shattered. 
“You… what kind of thoughts do you have in your head? So bizarre?” 
Veronica was stunned by what she heard. 
Even the Holy Mother, Katheryn, was embarrassed and at a loss. 
However. 
When Lin Tian was about to eat the Black Goat Spawn to gain some experience. 
He noticed something moving inside. 
It was very faint, almost imperceptible without careful sensing. 
He quickly dug it open. 
Black, sticky liquid flowed everywhere. 
He finally found a black, slightly soft egg-shaped object. 
It felt like a wet, slippery anemone, quite disgusting. 
Seeing this. 
Veronica was dumbfounded, shouting excitedly, “No! That can’t be! Destroy what you’re holding immediately!” 
“Huh? I won’t.” 
Lin Tian glanced back at her. This thing was definitely his child. 
It just hadn’t fully formed yet. 
It needed to be placed in another creature’s womb to continue growing. 
Otherwise, it would soon die. 
Veronica sternly warned, “That is an aberrant offspring, beyond your control! If you let it grow, the Black Goat Mother Goddess will notice, and this world will be doomed!” 
An egg could already have a composite power level of 6,000. 
The Black Goat Mother Goddess’ strength was unimaginable. 
Katheryn also advised, “I feel it is full of malice too, Mr. Lin Tian. You should listen to her.” 
Veronica wasn’t some delusional villain. 
She never had any intentions of conquering or destroying the world. 
She just wanted to rule a human kingdom and live there. 
Aberrant creatures had the power to destroy the world, which is why she said this. 
Hearing this. 
Lin Tian hesitated too, holding the unformed unknown object, lost in thought. 
He didn’t have the ability to deal with aberrations, and even if he raised it, he wasn’t sure if it would recognize him as its father. 
What if it turned on him? 
Eventually, he decided to destroy it. 
But suddenly. 
The unknown object moved in his hand, its sticky little tentacles touching Lin Tian’s skin. 
It seemed to be responding to him. 
Lin Tian sighed, “I’ll keep it. Maybe it’ll recognize me. After all, I do want to be the Black Goat Mother Goddess’ wild man.” (fling) 
The idea was thrilling. 
Most importantly, he could use the Life Simulation System later to see if it would harm him. 
Everything could be controlled. 
“Are you crazy? Fine, at least then I can escape while you deal with the consequences.” Veronica coldly remarked upon seeing his hesitation. 
The others said nothing further. 
Lin Tian held the unknown object in his hand, pondering, “Hmm, what kind of container should I use to cultivate it?” 
After thinking for a long time. 
Wasn’t there a perfect container right in front of him? 
“You… don’t look at me…” Katheryn took a few steps back in panic, fearing that he might put that thing inside her. 
Lin Tian reassured her, “Don’t worry, we’re on the same side now. I wouldn’t force you to do such things.” 
“Hey, what are you doing? You despicable goblin! Stop!” 
“Ahhh…!” 
Rebecca screamed in a mix of pain and pleasure. 
She became the vessel for the love offspring of Lin Tian and the Black Goat Mother Goddess. 
With that, they set off towards the royal city. 
… 
Crossing the towering mountains and lush green plains. 
On the other side of the rushing river. 
The people of the Sword Kingdom were working in the fields. 
They wiped the sweat off their foreheads and sowed wheat seeds. 
In a palace shaped like a giant sword. 
On the throne sat a man with sword-like brows and bright eyes, exuding a majestic aura, looking to be about thirty. 
He wore aristocratic attire of blue and white with golden threads. 
His somewhat long hair looked like it hadn’t been trimmed for months. 
Yet, its unruly state was strikingly stylish. 
He was the King of the Sword Kingdom, the youngest Sword Saint renowned across the continent. 
‘Edward Heath’. 
TL: Suddenly changed from Reinhardt to Edward?  
[Edward Heath: Lv99<br/>
Race: Human<br/>
Profession: Gale Swordsman<br/>
Title: Companion of the Elemental Spirits, Sword Saint, Glory of the Empire, Unyielding Sword Intent…<br/>
Health: 2800<br/>
Strength: 1200<br/>
Defense: 1100<br/>
Skills: Weathering, Gale Slash, Great Divine Wind, Sylph’s Wrath, Heart of the Wind…<br/>
Equipment: Golden Essence Longsword, High-level Enchanted Garments<br/>
Overall: 9900] 
The peak attribute index for most people was around 5000, very rarely exceeding that. 
But combat power varied greatly. 
In the early stages, with few skills or equipment, combat power rose slowly, mainly rated by attributes. 
But later, it depended on skills, equipment, and personal combat techniques. 
Edward’s weapon was a well-crafted longsword, and he possessed a world-class skill. 
Yet his combat power was nearly 10,000. 
This demonstrated his exceptional skill. 
Worthy of the title of Sword Saint. 
“How did the Lionheart Empire fare? Did they win?” Edward calmly asked the scout below. 
His face was serene. 
Earlier, he had heard the Lionheart Empire was going to battle the Great Tomb and had promised not to ambush them. 
It was known that the Lionheart Empire was formed by consolidating several small towns and claiming many desolate, poor areas no one wanted. 
The valuable areas were seized from the Sword Kingdom through ambushes. 
One was an empire of several decades, the other a grand empire of hundreds of years. 
There was no real comparison. 
Occasional border skirmishes hadn’t escalated into large-scale attacks purely because Edward respected Charles II. 
Also, he looked down on the territories of the Lionheart Empire. 
Poor and infested with monsters. 
Upon hearing this. 
The scout’s expression became complex, and he spoke, “Your Majesty, I’m sorry to say they were completely annihilated.” 
A week had passed since the Battle of Laiyang Plains. 
With their flying mounts, the scouts quickly returned to report. 
For a moment. 
The calm expression on Edward’s face disappeared, replaced by surprise, “How could this happen? Didn’t they have an old pope in their church?” 
“Not only that, but their royal city has been taken over by Alicenia with monsters.” The scout added gravely. 
Edward’s eyes showed sadness, “Is that so?” 
He hadn’t expected Charles II to die, and even the old pope to be defeated. 
Truly regrettable. 
Suddenly, he realized something was off, “Wait, did you say the city was taken over by Alicenia with monsters?!” 
2.5k again!!! Day break~~ 
You can read extra chapters at <a href="https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/">Etude Translations</a> linked to Patreon! <a href="https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/">https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/</a> 
