Chapter 122: The Oppressive Presence of Three Ancient Dragons! 
TL: Sungmin 
“Prince Gilbert, it’s about time. Let’s go directly!” Edward said coldly. 
He drew his longsword and swung it forward, “Advance!” 
The army continued to move forward! 
Unstoppable! 
An army of three hundred thousand, like a giant dragon crossing the river! 
Even though they were still four or five kilometers away, the people inside the royal city began to feel an inexplicable sense of unease. 
On the city wall, Lin Tian could already see, “Have they come? They sure are impatient. Since they want to kill me, they can’t blame me for killing them.” 
The army quickly arrived outside the city! 
The terrifying morale pressure was like a giant beast that covered the sky! 
It could devour the entire city with just one bite! 
“Oh my God, so many, so many human soldiers!” 
“It’s really despicable, taking advantage of us just after our battle when we have no troops. Otherwise, we would crush them like beans!” 
“Boss, what should we do?” 
Gobu Kuang and the others said helplessly. 
Lin Tian gestured for them to calm down, “Everyone, restore your spirits and state. Don’t let them look down on you.” 
“Monsters, today is your death day! Surrender immediately and wait for death; do not make unnecessary struggles!” 
Five hundred meters from the city. 
Edward shouted while riding his warhorse, his voice booming like thunder! 
He was full of confidence. 
Gilbert was still riding his mount in the air, but he started to take things a bit more seriously. 
His attention was drawn to Alice, Katheryn, Lia, and Goblin Slayer. 
To hold the fort, he had them return to the city first. 
“Brother, look! Those two women are so beautiful! And there’s an extremely mature elf too! Tsk tsk tsk!” 
Gilbert licked his lips, speaking excitedly. 
He was not here to fight a war. 
But to pick women. 
Gilbert was the same, “That woman seems to be the Sword Saintess of the Lionheart Empire, right? I heard she’s the strongest young one. I kind of want to conquer her.” 
Hearing this. 
Edward snapped, “Enough! Do you two know what the situation is right now?” 
Mainly because he was interested in Alice. He had endured it before, but now he couldn’t anymore. 
Gilbert retorted disdainfully, “Tch, it’s just a bunch of goblins, right? As for the owner of the Great Tomb, I want to see how powerful her magic skills are!” 
As he finished speaking! 
The sky was covered by massive magic arrays! 
It was evident they were world-class magic, a total of four magic arrays. 
However, they were not fully activated. 
It was merely a threat. 
“Veronica, come out. I’ll end the feud between you, the Lionheart Empire, and the Church today!” 
Edward declared openly, his aura oppressive. 
Unfortunately, he did not get the response he wanted. 
Only Lin Tian spoke indifferently, “Stop shouting. I’m the one you have to face.” 
“Did I give you permission to speak? Disgusting goblin! Shut up!” 
Edward yelled, eyes full of killing intent. 
Gilbert and his brother were also displeased, “Veronica is a legendary figure who has dominated for hundreds of years, yet she has goblins as her subordinates? She must be blind.” 
Listening to their disdain. 
Lin Tian pushed the person next to him into the air, suspending them in midair. 
Edward and the others looked confused, not understanding what he was doing. 
But when they saw the person’s face clearly, their expressions froze! 
“Ve-Veronica?! Wait, am I seeing things? How is this possible!” 
Edward said in disbelief. 
They thought she was their strongest opponent, the main culprit behind occupying the Lionheart Empire. 
Now, she was being treated like a lowly subordinate. 
Gilbert and his brother also became serious, “What’s going on? Am I hallucinating?” 
“Despicable goblin, let me go!” 
They heard Veronica’s voice. 
At this moment, they realized they were not mistaken. 
The master of the Great Tomb. 
Was being half-suspended in midair by a goblin! 
Edward’s mind was in a fog, “What’s going on? Veronica, is it really you?!” 
“Another group coming to die? Humph, this makes me feel a bit better.” Veronica cooperated and said. 
This statement. 
Contained too much information, like an alarm bell ringing in Edward and the others’ minds. 
It was incredibly hard to believe. 
“You were defeated by a goblin? Wasn’t it you who occupied the Lionheart Empire?” Edward couldn’t help but ask. 
As he spoke, he glared at the scout next to him. 
The scout was also helpless, “Your Majesty, the battle on the Laiyang Plain was like a clash of gods. I wouldn’t dare look; even kilometers away, we’d be affected. But with monsters entering the city, I could only guess that Veronica won.” 
Even Gilbert and his brother showed vigilant expressions. 
A goblin that could defeat a monster like Veronica. 
Unusual! 
It was extremely unusual! 
Even the most foolish would know that something was amiss. 
No longer daring to be arrogant and boastful, they withdrew to the back of the army. 
“Are you going to fight or not? You can leave, but let me tell you, sooner or later, you will bury your empire with you!” 
Lin Tian’s eyes were cold as he scanned Edward and the others. 
At this moment. 
A scout reported, “Your Majesty, indeed, there are no soldiers inside the city, nor a large number of monsters, only a few thousand goblins, and they are very weak.” 
“Do you not understand the situation? Weak, yet Veronica is captured and held as a prisoner. Even if there were only one goblin, I wouldn’t dare be careless.” Edward said irritably. 
Suddenly, he thought of something, “Wait! Could you be the goblin that caused havoc in Bright Town of the Lionheart Empire a while ago?” 
“Oh? You recognize me?” Lin Tian’s eyes lit up. 
Edward felt even more shocked, “In just about a year, you have usurped the Lionheart Empire? How could you grow so fast?!” 
“This goblin?!” 
“Impossible, this defies all logic!” 
Gilbert and his brother were also greatly shocked. 
At the previous imperial summit, they had mocked Charles II, whose country had been thrown into chaos by a group of goblins. 
Now, it was not just chaos. 
The nation had fallen! 
The first country in history to be destroyed by goblins. 
It was a disgrace to humanity! 
Edward hesitated, “Let’s retreat first and discuss the situation.” 
“Damn it, what are we afraid of? Let’s charge and wipe away the disgrace to humanity, and then take those beautiful women by his side!” Gilbert said reluctantly. 
Even if they were afraid, they had to fight because he was confident he could escape. 
The key was not to let those exceptional women be ruined by goblins. 
But Edward remained cautious, “I said, do not act rashly.” 
“If you won’t act, then I’ll go first. World-Class Magic · Hell Forest!” 
“Brother, there are so many. You can’t enjoy them all by yourself. Leave some for your little brother, World-Class Magic · Omishu’s Field of Extreme Evil!” 
They didn’t care about anything else, their eyes only focused on Alice, Katheryn, and the others. 
If they truly couldn’t handle it they could just run. 
After all, it wasn’t their lives at stake. 
Gigantic magic arrays began to gather in front of the city. 
Lin Tian’s eyes were filled with vigilance. Holding the Spear of Zeus, he checked their attribute panels. 
[Gilbert: Lv99<br/>
Race: Human<br/>
Profession: Archmage<br/>
Title: Mage Family, World Master, Severely Deficient in Kidney Strength…<br/>
Health: 2300<br/>
Strength: 1400<br/>
Defense: 900<br/>
Skills: Hell Forest, Franrik’s Green Vine Illusion, Vincent’s Explosive Feast…<br/>
Equipment: Turan Magic Stone<br/>
Overall: 9000] 
Gilberts had similar stats, with a combat power of 8900. 
After all, they were brothers, with the same personality, 
Their combat power naturally wouldn’t differ much. 
Just as they were about to cast their magic, a deafening dragon roar sounded in the distant sky! 
The sound rippled through the air, causing massive waves. 
It startled them so much that they stopped their spells. 
Looking up. 
A colossal black silhouette that blotted out the sky passed overhead! 
Nothing could be seen except the dazzling reflective black dragon scales and the overwhelming dragon might. 
“Shhh!” 
As the giant dragon passed by, it stirred up a storm! 
The tens of thousands of mages in the air were blown all over the place, crashing to the ground. 
They were utterly miserable. 
Gilbert was terrified, “What is that? A dragon? How can a dragon be so large!” 
“Everyone, stay alert and spread out! It’s an ancient dragon! And a thousand-meter-class one!!!” 
Suddenly, Edward shouted, telling the soldiers to disperse. 
If a single breath of dragon fire hit them. 
Many would die! 
Seeing the little black Nidhogg in the sky, Lin Tian was somewhat astonished, “In just a few months, it’s grown to a thousand meters? Truly terrifying.” 
“Why is there an ancient dragon here!” 
Gilbert and the others were in a panic, hiding among the soldiers on the ground. 
Now. 
Only one creature dared to fly in the sky, and that was the dragon. 
They wouldn’t dare challenge a dragon’s authority. 
Edward had no choice but to go all out, “Damn it, prepare to slay the dragon! Today, I will become a dragon-slaying hero that shocks the continent!” 
“Roar!!!” 
As soon as he finished speaking, another terrifying dragon roar erupted! 
It directly made him wilt. 
From the clouds. 
Two massive figures plummeted towards the tens of thousands of coalition troops! 
Just a few meters away, they pulled up and flew! 
The air pressure forced the soldiers to crouch, unable to lift their heads! 
Lin Tian was slightly surprised, “Scar is here too, and that white dragon covered in lightning.” 
These two dragons weren’t a thousand meters long, but they were still seven to eight hundred meters. 
And they were powerful warriors among the ancient dragon race. 
The three dragons carefully landed on the city wall, barely able to stand. 
But each move they made caused the wall to tremble as if it was about to collapse. 
“Impossible…these three ancient dragons are actually standing with the goblins?!” 
Edward’s eyes widened. He thought they were random dragons. 
But it was clear they were here to help the enemy! 
He felt like his head was about to explode. 
It made no sense! 
The proud and powerful ancient dragons chose to side with the goblins! 
What had the world gone through in such a short time? 
Gilbert and his brother were terrified, “Damn it, brother, let’s escape and find the Dragon Slayer Guild!” 
In such a situation, they wouldn’t dare be arrogant anymore. 
The oppressive presence of three terrifying dragons. 
They had to leave it to the professionals. 
That was the Dragon Slayer Guild on the continent, which was said to have killed over ten ancient dragons. 
“Trying to escape? Scared now? This isn’t a place where you can come and go as you please.” Lin Tian said coldly, with an evil smile. 
