Chapter 135: The Duel! 
TL: Sungmin 
At the border between the two countries. 
Along the banks of a long river, Edward and his group had been waiting for some time. 
“The Goblin Empire, huh? These days, can any garbage form a nation? Are you sure goblins are connected to ancient dragons? If no dragons show up, I’ll be the first to destroy you!” 
Stephen, clad in black and silver armor and wielding a giant axe, spoke coldly. 
Edward guaranteed, “The hundred thousand soldiers killed by the dragon were real. They are coming!” 
In the distance, a group of figures slowly appeared on a hillside. 
It was Lin Tian and his team. 
“Hmph, the losers who escaped last time. Do you think you can beat me in a one-on-one fight?” 
Lin Tian looked down at the six people below, full of disdain. 
However, he was somewhat surprised by Stephen and his group. 
The strongest among them had a power level of over 9,000, and the other two, whom he hadn’t seen before, had over 8,000. 
They were indeed formidable opponents. 
Alice noticed something unusual and exclaimed, “Wait, why are members of the Dragon Slayer Guild here too? This is bad…” 
Although she didn’t recognize Stephen, the sword-and-dragon head emblem on his chest was unmistakable. 
The Dragon Slayer Guild? 
Lin Tian became a bit more cautious. 
Stephen was the first to speak coldly, “It’s really a bunch of goblins? Hmph, where are the dragons? I’m not in the mood to fight you; bring out those dragons!” 
But Lin Tian had no chance of finding any dragons now. 
Edward spoke viciously, drawing his king’s sword, “Let’s settle this today! I will kill all you disgusting goblins. Princess Alice, come over now, and I can guarantee your safety!” 
Alice just sneered and didn’t respond. 
Lin Tian seemed to guess why the Dragon Slayer Guild members were here. 
He looked puzzled, “Huh? Dragons? Why would I have any dragons? Only a fool would think goblins could be related to ancient dragons!” 
Hearing this, Edward and his group broke out in a cold sweat. 
The eyes of the strong fighters were filled with killing intent, but it was directed at Edward and his people. 
Stephen grabbed him, “Care to explain?” 
His giant axe was about to be placed on Edward’s neck. 
The arrogance of the Gilbert brothers hadn’t even risen before Steven and Steve started questioning them. 
If they couldn’t kill them, they at least had to disable them. 
This scene. 
Lin Tian was quite surprised, “They dare to mess with the Dragon Slayer Guild? Has the Kingdom of the Sword become so reckless?” 
“Considering you’re a king, I’ll only take one of your legs!” 
Stephen was ready to act and leave. 
He had no interest in goblins or other countries’ grudges. 
Only powerful prey could attract his attention. 
In desperation, Edward suddenly thought of something, “Wait, have you heard of the old Pope Douglas? And Veronica? They were defeated by that goblin!” 
“Hmph, are you really taking me for a fool?” 
Stephen’s face looked extremely displeased, ready to kill. 
Douglas’s strength was unquestionable, and Veronica was a renowned twelfth-tier monster. 
Even their guild leader, the One-Eyed Owl, had tried to hunt them and failed. 
Being wiped out by these goblins was an insult to the One-Eyed Owl! 
Edward, sensing the murderous intent, quickly explained, “I’m not lying! The disappearance of the Lionheart Empire was their doing. Think about the connection between these three events!” 
“Hiss…” 
Upon hearing this. 
Stephen seemed to realize something, becoming excited, “Haha! So, he’s an incredibly valuable and powerful prey?” 
“Big brother, we’ve struck gold this time!” 
“Bringing his head back could be placed in the core area of the museum’s final level, right?” 
Steven and Steve exclaimed excitedly, coming to their senses. 
This was a prey more valuable than Douglas and Veronica! 
One that would drive even the One-Eyed Owl crazy. 
Stephen laughed loudly, “That’s right! I won’t hold back. His head is mine!” 
“You’re the big brother; you should give us a chance.” Steven squeezed to the front, annoyed. 
The group, with their robust muscles and expressions, wearing heavy armor and wielding two-handed weapons, were quite visually intimidating! 
These were indeed formidable opponents. 
Alice cautioned, “Be careful with them. The Dragon Slayer Guild members are lunatics; you never know what they’re thinking. They may seem kind but could be extreme perverts inside.” 
“Understood, did everyone hear that? Be cautious.” 
Lin Tian frowned and replied, taking out the Spear of Zeus. 
Edward retreated behind the others, showing a satisfied, cold smile, “Don’t think that without dragons you can leave here alive. Today, you will all die…” 
Having fought Stephen before, he knew his strength well. 
There was no chance for anyone to survive against him. 
Even if they couldn’t win, they’d ensure mutual destruction. 
Suddenly, Stephen activated his skill, ‘Super-tier Combat Technique: Hercules’ Savage Charge!’ 
Instantly, he transformed into an unstoppable train. 
Charging forward! 
Anyone who tried to resist would face ten times the recoil force. If they didn’t resist, it would be equivalent to a normal attack. 
Knowing the opponent’s skill information was very important. 
Alice and Gobu Kuang drew their weapons, full of vigilance. 
However, Lin Tian stood at the front, signaling them to retreat. “Lucky Steal!” 
“Swish!” 
With a burst of colorful light. 
Lin Tian prayed that he could steal Stephen’s weapon. These guys didn’t have spatial equipment. 
Without their weapons, their combat power would greatly diminish. 
“What just happened?!” 
Everyone was stunned by the sudden light, unable to react. 
Edward, with his sharp ears, quickly said, “Retreat! He knows a theft spell. If your weapon gets stolen…” 
Before he could finish, he saw that Stephen’s weapon was still there and relaxed. 
“Hmph, seems your luck isn’t that good. My heart almost skipped a beat just now, feeling a chill.” 
Stephen sneered disdainfully. Although the skill was interrupted, his weapon was still there. 
But the sight before him left him petrified! 
Not just him. 
Lin Tian, looking at what he had stolen, was also stunned. 
Edward took a few steps forward and was shocked. “No, it can’t be?!” 
In Lin Tian’s hand was a pink bra (a woman’s bra). 
“Damn it! What the hell is this?!” 
Lin Tian almost dropped it in disgust. 
No wonder that guy felt a chill; it was because he was wearing this thing! 
He didn’t expect such a bold man to be gay! 
Stephen, seeing his secret exposed, was both shy and angry. “Damn goblin! Give it back! I’ll kill you!” 
“Big brother! We’re coming to help you!” 
Steven and Steve rushed forward, full of indignation. 
Lin Tian, realizing he hadn’t succeeded earlier, thought he could steal one of these two guys’ weapons. 
He activated the skill twice more. 
“Congratulations, you obtained Steven’s panties x1!” 
“Congratulations, you obtained Steve’s large dildo x1!” 
Because these were items, they appeared directly in his hands. If it were non-physical, he would be asked whether to take it. 
Non-physical items couldn’t be returned once taken. 
Physical items could be returned anytime. 
Seeing the disgusting thing in his hand, Lin Tian almost vomited. 
He could tolerate the white lace panties. 
But this thing, who could tolerate it?! 
The supposed lucky steal, meant to take emotionally significant items, ended up being so disgusting! 
Suddenly, Steven cried out in pain, “Big brother, the gift you gave me was stolen!” 
“Second brother, the one you gave me is gone too. I wore it all the time!” Steve lamented. 
Hearing this, Lin Tian instantly understood. 
No wonder he stole these items; they were emotionally significant! 
Luckily, he didn’t steal their love. 
That would have been too disgusting. 
Stephen, feeling utterly humiliated, shouted, “Today, no one leaves here alive!!! Kill them all!!!” 
He charged at Lin Tian like a speeding car! 
“Swish!” Gobu Kuang immediately used a dark beam, creating a deep trench wherever it passed. 
But it only slightly suppressed Stephen. 
Lin Tian directly took out the Spear of Zeus, summoning lightning! 
“Boom!” 
The lightning struck, creating a large pit on the ground, but Stephen was only slightly injured. His armor was formidable. 
“Damn it, we just need to hold them off until Fiona arrives with reinforcements.” Lin Tian whispered. 
Alice charged forward first. “I’ll hold them off!” 
Lia and Cassandra provided support from behind. 
“A futile resistance… Super-tier Magic: Hercules’ Final Strike!” 
Stephen roared, slamming his fists into the ground! 
A golden giant’s phantom appeared behind him! 
As his fists hit the ground. 
A terrifying force like an earthquake erupted! 
The ground split into wide fissures! 
He hadn’t reached level 100, so he couldn’t use world-class magic. Super-tier magic was his limit. 
“Boss, get behind me!” 
Gobu Shan moved in front of everyone, using Athena’s Shield and his own bones to form a huge shield. 
To block the force’s shockwave. 
Lin Tian, feeling the earth-shattering power, doubted if Gobu Shan could hold it. 
He quickly said, “Gobu Kuang, activate the King’s Domain!” 
“Got it, boss!” 
A magic circle underfoot expanded, covering a 500-meter radius, giving Alice a buff. 
The previously dark bone shield now glowed like a black crystal, shining brightly! 
“Boom!!!” 
As the force hit, the bone shield shattered instantly! 
But the dwarf-made world-class Athena’s Shield held firm. 
Blocking the impact. 
It was no longer just like a train collision; it was like a high-speed train at 200 mph. 
Even though they blocked it, the shockwave sent people flying dozens of meters away. 
Gobu Shan’s bones cracked all over. Cassandra began healing him, needing time to recover. 
In front. 
The ground was completely shattered, and any misstep would send them into a deep abyss. 
Stephen, in disbelief, exclaimed, “You blocked my attack! A group of goblins! Is that a world-class artifact?” 
“Big brother, we’ve struck gold this time!” Steven sneered, quickly leaping across the fractured ground, closing in on Lin Tian’s group. 
Intending to seize the shield. 
… 
You can read extra chapters of From Goblin to Goblin God at <a href="https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/">Etude Translations</a> linked to Patreon! <a href="https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/">https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/</a> 
Join our Discord! <a href="https://discord.gg/twRz58dUce">https://discord.gg/twRz58dUce</a> 
