Chapter 141: Drunk and Embarrassed! Elizabeth! 
TL: Sungmin 
“Kid, you definitely can’t beat me at finger-guessing games, and dice games are too slow.” The One-Eyed Owl grinned disdainfully as she spoke. 
Her reaction speed in finger-guessing games was unmatched here; normally, she drank by rolling dice. 
But now, she couldn’t wait to see Lin Tian embarrass himself and take him down hard. 
After some thought, she said, “Let’s just keep drinking! You take a glass, I take a glass. I’ll go first!” 
As soon as she finished speaking, the guild members hurriedly began pouring the drinks. 
“Gulp, gulp, gulp…” 
Watching the pale yellow beer with bubbles being picked up by the One-Eyed Owl, she started drinking heartily. 
A few drops of beer slipped from the corner of her mouth, slowly tracing down her throat and disappearing into the depths of her cleavage. 
Her wild appearance was undeniably captivating. 
“Whew! The guy who invented beer is a genius!! I feel amazing!” 
The One-Eyed Owl exclaimed with extreme satisfaction. 
She stretched out her rosy tongue, licking the beer foam off her jade lips. 
Everyone watching swallowed their saliva. 
But all they dared to do was watch. 
Then, the One-Eyed Owl nodded at Lin Tian with her chin, “What are you standing there for? If you’re scared, it’s too late to back out now.” 
Lin Tian chuckled, “Don’t worry, I was just reminiscing about something.” 
He remembered being overwhelmed by a group of dwarf women in the Dwarf Kingdom, drunk out of his mind. 
Even the chickens he cooked ended up ruined. 
Although it was a dark chapter in his history, it honed his incredible alcohol tolerance in the Dwarf Kingdom. 
However, compared to true dwarves, he still fell short. 
But the beer here was like watered-down beer compared to the Dwarf Kingdom’s brews. 
Lin Tian felt confident. 
He picked up the large 500-milliliter glass in front of him and poured it into his mouth. 
“Burp~ not bad.” Lin Tian said casually. 
As soon as he put down the glass, he saw that the One-Eyed Owl had already downed another glass! 
In a blink, it was empty. 
Lin Tian wouldn’t back down either. 
In three minutes, both of them had each downed ten glasses! 
Their stomachs were already bloated. 
But this was just the beginning. 
If they couldn’t drink anymore, they’d immediately go to the side to vomit, and then continue drinking. 
This wasn’t considered cheating or losing; if they kept drinking, their stomachs would continuously absorb the alcohol. 
Before long. 
Lin Tian couldn’t hold it any longer and went straight to the bathroom to vomit everything out. 
There was a time limit, no more than thirty seconds. 
He quickly came back and poured another large glass down his throat. 
The One-Eyed Owl was still steady as ever, mocking, “You men can only last three minutes? Pathetic.” 
“Big Sis, but I see your ears are a bit red?” Lin Tian retorted. 
Of course, he was bluffing. This woman was indeed remarkable, drinking so much and still holding on. 
Finally, after twenty glasses. 
The One-Eyed Owl also went to vomit once. 
But when she came back, she immediately said, “Switch to one-liter glasses!” 
“Big Sis, there’s no need for that. This little shrimp will probably collapse after two more rounds.” 
The man ranked third in the guild’s leaderboard spoke up. 
He could also drink quite a bit, wearing a brown robe with messy hair and a scruffy beard. 
His name was ‘Osius.’ 
His profession was a monk, vastly different from the church priests; he was akin to an ascetic monk from the distant East. 
He became stronger through self-discipline. 
The One-Eyed Owl directly pushed him aside, “Shut up! Come on kid! I want to see your limit!” 
And so. 
The two drank from the table to the bathroom. 
Playing without regard for their lives. 
Lin Tian was vomiting from both ends, with several liters of urine. 
Everyone watching was stunned. 
“It’s been over three hours, my god, someone can actually keep up with Big Sis for this long!” 
“If it were me, even if I didn’t get drunk first, I’d be exhausted from vomiting!” 
“What’s this kid’s background!” 
The One-Eyed Owl was completely at odds with Lin Tian, breathing heavily, her face already showing some redness. 
But she was determined to see it through to the end. 
Not backing down at all. 
This behavior made Lin Tian’s stomach feel awful. He didn’t feel drunk, but the constant vomiting was unbearable. 
But at this point. 
He had to see it through! 
If he couldn’t win in a fight or in drinking, this trip would be for nothing. 
“Keep going, Big Sis, were you just catching your breath?” Lin Tian said, continuing to drink. 
Everyone was stunned by his terrifying willpower! 
It was too frightening. 
Someone could actually outdrink the One-Eyed Owl and still hold on! 
Osius’s pupils contracted, and he gasped, “No way, Big Sis can’t lose, can she?!” 
“Stop talking nonsense, I can’t lose!” 
The One-Eyed Owl took a short break, reaching for the glass someone else was holding for her. 
But her hand ended up grabbing nothing. 
At that moment, she seemed a bit flustered, carefully steadying the glass, “Pour! Kid, I’ll make you regret coming here!” 
“Is that so?” 
Lin Tian had noticed that little detail, his eyes filled with smugness. 
Although he was a bit tipsy, he wasn’t seeing double yet. 
The members of the Dragon-Slaying Guild started to panic. 
Some even tried to suggest stopping, “Why don’t we call it a day, Big Sis? We’ve run out of beer in the guild.” 
“Go buy more!” The One-Eyed Owl threw out a large bag of gold coins. 
She was somewhat wobbly. 
Lin Tian downed another big glass, “Your turn, Big Sis. Show some of the spirit you had at the start.” 
“Haha, interesting, alright!” The One-Eyed Owl smiled lightly and continued drinking. 
Finally, 
After another hour, she was nearly at her limit. 
She looked at Lin Tian, who seemed to have multiple afterimages. 
Thinking he had downed three large glasses in one go. 
“Clap, clap, clap!” 
The One-Eyed Owl started clapping on the spot, “I’m starting to respect you, you’re indeed tougher than these useless men. I’ll catch up!” 
She then downed three more large glasses. 
That didn’t go well. 
After the last gulp, she collapsed on the floor. 
“Big Sis! Are you okay!” 
Osius felt something was wrong, and everyone hurriedly gathered around. 
The next second, they suffered. 
“Gush, gush, gush…” 
She started spewing beer like a fountain from her mouth. 
“Whoa! It’s raining from the heavens!” 
“Premium beer!” 
“What’s happening, my eyes burn!” 
Some people got splashed in the eyes, while others, who had a crush on the One-Eyed Owl, licked the beer off their faces. 
It was pure and undiluted. 
Her stomach had been emptied long ago, and now the beer she vomited was no different from when she drank it. 
Osius wiped his face with his robe, looking at Lin Tian. 
His expression was as if he had eaten something disgusting. 
Because their Big Sis had lost to an outsider kid! 
If Lin Tian wanted to marry her, with the One-Eyed Owl’s character, she wouldn’t break her promise. 
If he didn’t marry her, the guild leader’s position would be chaotic! 
The best scenario would be to ask for a favor. 
“That’s enough, that’s enough! Your turn!” 
The One-Eyed Owl started talking nonsense on the floor. 
Osius sighed, “Everyone, help move the Big Sis to the sofa outside. Kid, I admit you won! You’ve got guts!” 
A few people left the bathroom and returned to the guildhall. 
“I tell you, if you want to stay alive, just ask the Big Sis for a favor. If you try anything else, you’ll vanish!” Osius threatened. 
The Dragon-Slaying Guild members agreed. 
Lin Tian shrugged, “We’ll talk when she sobers up.” 
“Hmph! Anyway, no one is allowed to touch our Big Sis! Touch her and you die!” 
“Exactly, she’ll always be untouchable in our hearts!” 
“Our Big Sis ranks higher than any god! To harm her is to harm our faith!” 
The group had even turned the One-Eyed Owl into their faith, chattering noisily. 
Lin Tian thought. 
He hadn’t come here to hit on girls; he just needed the Dragon-Slaying Guild to stop being enemies with the Goblin Empire. 
And he needed to get the Dragon Crystal. 
But if he married the One-Eyed Owl, all this could be achieved! 
He couldn’t care less about these guys’ threats; in the end, they’d have to call him brother-in-law, trembling. 
“Kid, wait a moment. I need to pee, then we’ll go for another three hundred glasses! I’m about to burst!” The One-Eyed Owl mumbled to herself on the sofa, excited. 
The others were praising her status, even higher than the divine right. 
Hearing her words, they all trembled in fear, their pupils shrinking! 
“Big Sis! Don’t do it!” 
Osius’s expression was exaggerated, almost shouting, trying to stop her. 
When that cicada chirped! 
That ray of midsummer sunlight! 
That carefree splurge of youth! 
Flowing like the river’s waters! 
Everyone knew it was too late, some things, like youth, could never be returned! 
The entire guildhall fell silent. 
Only the sound of flowing water could be heard. 
Like a sharp blade shattering everyone’s ideal image of Elizabeth Tilly! 
She had wet the bed. 
She had held it in for several hours, too embarrassed to go, afraid of being seen as weak and sneaking off to relieve herself. 
She couldn’t possibly pee right there, surrounded by men staring intently. 
So she released it all in her sleep. 
“Hahaha, this feels great!” 
The One-Eyed Owl muttered again, full of grandeur. 
Osius’s expression twitched, his eyes glaring unevenly, “You! You ruined my Big Sis! Damn you, kid!!!” 
They couldn’t accept this reality! 
They couldn’t accept that their unbeatable Big Sis had turned into a bed-wetting child! 
“Calm down! Calm down!” Lin Tian, seeing their expressions more terrifying than goblins, kept backing away. 
He accidentally fell on top of the One-Eyed Owl. 
Waking her up. 
In a daze, the One-Eyed Owl looked confused, “What’s going on? Weren’t we just drinking?” 
“Big Sis, you, you lost to him in drinking…” 
Osius quickly recovered, his expression extremely awkward, looking around uncomfortably, unable to meet her eyes. 
Hearing this, the One-Eyed Owl didn’t get angry or anything, “I see! Kid, you’re tougher than I thought, but I haven’t admitted defeat. If I can’t outdrink you, then let me show you my battle records!” 
With that, she extended her slender, refined arm, hooked it around Lin Tian’s neck, and started walking out. 
“Hey, hey, where are we going?” 
Lin Tian struggled constantly, not wanting to make contact with her. 
Her body was covered in ‘beer’! 
But no matter how much he used his 8,000 battle power strength, he couldn’t break free. 
He could only walk closely with her, shoulder to shoulder, as they headed outside. 
The One-Eyed Owl, swaying as she walked, explained, “We’re going to the museum!” 
“Boss! That’s the hotel, don’t take him the wrong way! The museum is this way!” 
Osius and the others quickly followed, afraid something might go wrong. 
In the past, the One-Eyed Owl would only get slightly drunk, and it was always by her own doing. 
Now, for the first time, she was dead drunk, and they were terrified she might do something crazy. 
They followed closely the entire time. 
… 
You can read extra chapters at <a href="https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/">Etude Translations</a> linked to Patreon! <a href="https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/">https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/</a> 
Join our Discord! <a href="https://discord.gg/twRz58dUce">https://discord.gg/twRz58dUce</a> 
