Chapter 144: Legal Punching Bag? Can I Not Marry Her? 
TL: Sungmin 
“Usually, everyone pushes me to get married. Did you all get drunk today? Why are you saying the opposite now?” 
One-Eyed Owl put her hands on her hips and looked at them, finding their behavior inexplicably amusing. 
Previously, they had always been sarcastic about her age, saying she had never truly enjoyed human pleasures. 
It often made her really angry. 
Grugia looked a bit troubled. “That’s what we say, but Boss, you should at least pick a suitable husband.” 
“What, I think this kid is fine. He should be able to satisfy me.” 
One-Eyed Owl slowly walked behind Lin Tian. 
She gave him a hard slap on the butt. 
It made Lin Tian shiver. 
Osius scrutinized him, shaking his head. “This kid looks weak. If you use any force in bed, won’t you crush him into meat paste? Right?” 
“Yeah, yeah, Boss doesn’t know her own strength. She could tear down the guild at any moment.” 
“Kid, I advise you to find some gentle and delicate little wives. You can’t handle Big Sis!” 
“Aren’t you afraid that Boss might use too much force and twist your head off?” 
Everyone chimed in, either advising or threatening him. 
But Lin Tian was very confident in this area. Once his goblin powers activated, even the strong One-Eyed Owl would have to behave. 
She wouldn’t be able to use any force at all. 
He then said, “My wish won’t change. Actually, from the moment I first saw Big Sis yesterday morning, I had already fallen deeply in love with her.” 
“Last night, I called Big Sis’s name seven hundred and thirteen times in my dreams. Now you know what true love is, right?!” 
Hearing Lin Tian’s impassioned declaration, a not-so-smart voice asked, “Dreaming? How do you know you called Big Sis’s name in your sleep…” 
“Clever little thing, if you don’t speak, no one will think you’re dumb.” Lin Tian said sarcastically. 
Finally, One-Eyed Owl spoke up, “Alright, alright, kid. Your true love has completely moved me. Let’s get married!” 
“Boss!” 
Everyone’s hearts trembled. They wanted to say something, but they had already said it all. 
Lin Tian revealed a satisfied smile, but inside, he was exploding with excitement. 
He wondered what it would feel like to have close contact with those solid muscles. 
Osius and the others were almost ready to kneel before Lin Tian. “Brat—no, Brother, I beg you, don’t marry Big Sis. If she has kids and takes care of them, who will drink and fight with us?” 
These people, who were supposed to be arrogant and hot-tempered weirdos, were now humble to the core. 
Hearing this, Lin Tian’s nose almost tilted to the sky. He wagged his finger, “To have a woman like Big Sis, I have no regrets in this life.” 
“Hahaha! Good kid, I like loyal men like you. Now I won’t worry about you escaping from domestic violence! Young people can take a beating and recover quickly. Whenever I’m in a bad mood, I can use you for fun!” One-Eyed Owl said enthusiastically, as if filled with anticipation. 
As she spoke, she started to drag Lin Tian to get married. 
Hearing this, the smile on Lin Tian’s face gradually stiffened, filled with astonishment. “Huh?” 
“Huh, what? Aren’t men meant to be loved? What’s wrong with getting hit a few times?” One-Eyed Owl retorted. 
She casually picked Lin Tian up like a chick, preparing to leave for the wedding. 
At that moment, unprecedented potential burst forth from Lin Tian! 
He struggled free and dove into Osius’s arms, “Brother! I think we can reconsider this marriage!” 
“Marriage? I don’t know anything about it. You guys do as you please.” 
A mischievous smile flashed across Osius’s face as he turned away, pretending not to know anything. 
Grugia looked at his pants. “Oh dear, I think I’m getting a rash. I need to see a doctor. You guys carry on.” (poor Grugia getting STDs) 
The crowd, who had just been heartbroken, now scattered in all directions. 
They almost forgot that One-Eyed Owl often treated them violently. 
Others would fight after just three words. 
She would fight without even speaking. 
Surviving as her husband was the most important task. 
“Husband, what are you doing? Come with me, we’re going to the hall to get married!” One-Eyed Owl’s mouth curved into an extremely wicked smile, her eyes wide with small pupils. 
Like a hungry wolf hunting. 
She said calmly, “A legal punching bag. Don’t waste it, right, husband?” 
Although the Dragon Slayer Guild was not affiliated with the War Empire, it followed the empire’s laws. 
One of the rules was the prohibition of fighting. 
However, there was no regulation against disputes between spouses. 
Because it was a patriarchal society, where men were dominant, it was usually men who hit women, not the other way around. 
The empire had no law punishing marital disputes. 
What was originally a law biased in favor of men, suddenly became Lin Tian’s death sentence. 
“Is it too late to regret now?” Lin Tian gulped, finally understanding that the fool was himself. 
She didn’t see him as a husband but as a punching bag she could hit whenever she wanted. 
But if it meant getting to sleep with her, then getting hit a few times might be worth it. 
This stance made it clear he couldn’t handle it and wouldn’t be able to enjoy it. 
A murderous intent surged in One-Eyed Owl’s expression, “Regret? You played with my lifelong matter like this, what do you think the consequences of regret are?” 
Damn. 
Lin Tian now even felt like dying. He was encountering disaster whenever he stepped out! 
Last time, he nearly died of pleasure in the Dwarf Kingdom. 
This time, he was being forced into marriage but didn’t dare to marry. 
The key was she was after him to hit him, not to love him. 
“Boss, how about I make another request? Help me with something else, okay?” Lin Tian cried, looking pitiful. 
One-Eyed Owl slowly walked toward him. 
The terrifying aura, the scorching heat like flames! 
The surrounding air was pushed away, making it hard to breathe. 
Lin Tian gulped and kept backing up until he was forced to fall onto the sofa, having nowhere else to retreat. 
Too terrifying, it was a death threat! 
“Puff!” 
Suddenly, her solid body sat directly on Lin Tian. 
Though she was slender, she was not light. 
One-Eyed Owl almost pressed against Lin Tian. 
But the pressure was such that Lin Tian couldn’t even react. 
“This is the first time in my life getting married, and I’m being rejected. What price do you think you should pay? How about we check if your heart truly loves me or not?” 
Lin Tian wanted to cry but had no tears, “Boss, you can’t play like this.” 
Her slender finger touched his chest, drawing circles. 
To others, it would feel like teasing. 
But now, it was about to become a bloody scene! 
“Hahaha! Just kidding, kid. Any longer and I’d have to find you some new pants!” 
Finally, One-Eyed Owl laughed and stood up. 
Others outside also came in, relieved. 
At least now, she wouldn’t marry Lin Tian. 
Osius sneered, “So, do you still want to marry Big Sis?” 
“Cough cough, I want to, but let’s forget about it for now.” Lin Tian said. 
These guys were pure lunatics; who knew what they were thinking. 
One-Eyed Owl laughed until tears came out, finally recovering, “So, what do you want me to help you with?” 
“If it’s something, not right now. Maybe later. Didn’t you say you’d help me improve my strength? Why not start with that?” Lin Tian raised his eyebrows. 
There was nothing urgent he needed right now. 
Matters in the Sword Kingdom were being handled by Alice. 
This favor, let One-Eyed Owl owe him for now. 
After all, she had promised to help improve his strength. 
Hearing this, One-Eyed Owl gave a sly smile, “Okay, if you don’t mind, I’m happy to help.” 
“Hiss! Truly a young bull unafraid of a tiger.” 
“I’m going to buy some earplugs, or I’ll die of the noise.” 
“Just ate, better leave before I throw up.” 
People scattered, some continuing to drink. 
At this moment, One-Eyed Owl said, “I’ll help you, but you can’t leave the Dragon Slayer Guild until you outdrink me.” 
“No problem. When do we start?” Lin Tian nodded without objection. 
One-Eyed Owl immediately said, “Let’s go to the square.” 
The two stood facing each other in the square. 
The warm afternoon sun was very pleasant. 
Osius and some others brought popcorn and stools, ready to watch the show. 
One-Eyed Owl stood with her hands on her hips, “Hit me with all your strength.” 
“You won’t hit back?” Lin Tian asked instinctively, knowing these people were abnormal. If she hit back, he’d be done for. 
He dared not hit recklessly. 
One-Eyed Owl curled her lips impatiently, “I told you to hit, so hurry up, or I’ll hit you!” 
In the sunlight, her graceful figure. 
Sweat beads glistened on her skin, like a perfect dish. 
Lin Tian hesitated to hit. 
To avoid revealing his strength, he decided to use about a thousand battle power to attack. 
“Here I come!” He reminded and threw a punch. 
“Duang~!” 
One punch, and he was bounced back several steps by her elastic chest. 
There was a pleasant sound of jelly shaking in the air. 
Lin Tian couldn’t believe how insane her defense was. No wonder she had divine blood. 
Even the softest part was this terrifying. 
One-Eyed Owl didn’t mind where he hit, analyzing carefully, “Approximately a thousand battle power, but it’s quite good relatively.” 
“To improve, you need to start with technique. Fortunately, I know a bit of everything, including grappling techniques. Come on, hit me again.” 
Hearing this. 
It was just what Lin Tian wanted, to learn some combat skills. 
So he could fight stronger opponents with lower power. 
He threw another punch. 
In an instant! 
The world seemed to turn upside down in Lin Tian’s eyes. 
Then came the pain in his arm. 
He was pinned to the ground by One-Eyed Owl, unable to move. 
“Did you see that? This is the basic grappling technique. With enough strength, you can disable an opponent’s arm instantly before a fight, greatly reducing their power.” One-Eyed Owl explained seriously. 
Lin Tian cursed, “Damn, with your speed, even ten eyes can’t see clearly! Let go!” 
“Too fast? Can’t help it.” One-Eyed Owl shrugged, releasing him and lifting her leg from his shoulder. 
Osius and others enjoyed their popcorn, laughing. 
“That kid, haha, he’s in for it. Asking Boss to help improve strength, isn’t that seeking death?” 
“Watch, he’ll run away by tonight, haha!” Grugia and others laughed. 
At this moment. 
A Dragon Slayer Guild member rushed in, “Boss! Our museum has been raided!” 
… 
You can read extra chapters at <a href="https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/">Etude Translations</a> linked to Patreon! <a href="https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/">https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/</a> 
Join our Discord! <a href="https://discord.gg/twRz58dUce">https://discord.gg/twRz58dUce</a> 
