Chapter 145: Sincerity and Deceit! Twelfth-tier Monster! 
TL: Sungmin 
“What!!?” 
Everyone’s faces changed dramatically. 
Even the One-Eyed Owl rushed to the person’s side in an instant, herexpression grave. “The museum was raided? Are you drunk?!” 
This was their territory. 
Who dared to cause trouble? 
Moreover, the museum was a place that showcased their strength. 
Knowing the power that was displayed there, someone still dared to make a move. 
Unless they were confident they could take on the Dragon Slayer Guild, who would dare to act so recklessly? 
“Boss, I wouldn’t dare lie to you.” 
The subordinate, pressured by the intense atmosphere, spoke pitifully. 
He was afraid that if he misspoke, he would be met with either a slap or a punch. 
The One-Eyed Owl pushed him away and leaped to the guild’s outer wall twenty meters away. 
She then traversed the rooftops of the surrounding buildings. 
In just a few seconds, she disappeared. She headed straight for the museum, where she saw that the top floor, where the most precious trophies were stored, had been completely looted, with only some remnants left. 
She was about to go insane! 
“Which damn bastard did this!!!” The One-Eyed Owl shouted, stomping her foot in rage, causing the entire building to shake. 
Passersby were startled. 
They quickly fled the scene. 
Before long, Lin Tian, Osius, and Grugia also arrived. 
Seeing the scene, they felt a mix of regret and anger. 
“Who would dare do such a thing, openly declaring war on us!” 
“Damn it, I’m going to slaughter that beast!” 
“Damn bastard, whether you’re human or monster, when I get mad, I get hungry. If I catch you, I’ll eat you piece by piece!” 
“I want to turn him into a live specimen myself!” 
The members of the Dragon Slayer Guild were furious. 
But they all kept a considerable distance from the One-Eyed Owl. 
Osius looked at the scene with both anger and helplessness. “Sigh! Yesterday, Big Sis broke the door and forgot to fix it. It’s likely that the ones who did this aren’t very strong.” 
“Are you blaming me then?” 
In an instant! 
A cold face appeared beside Osius, with pure white, creepy light emitting from her pupils! 
Osius didn’t dare to breathe loudly. “Boss, we should seal off the area immediately and conduct a thorough investigation.” 
This city was equivalent to a tourist town. 
There were many people coming and going. 
So the best they could do was this. 
However, 
The One-Eyed Owl quickly calmed down. “Forget it, from now on, there’s no need to close the doors here. I will hunt for stronger trophies and see if they dare to come again!” 
“Boss…” 
Everyone felt a mix of regret and even admiration! 
“That’s our boss, such courage!” 
Lin Tian, standing nearby, pretended to be insincere. “It’s no big deal, just some corpses and stones. Surely Big Sis doesn’t care.” 
Upon hearing this. 
Grugia looked at him with displeasure. “Rookie, it just shows you’ve never seen the world.” 
“The core dragon crystal is the most important thing from the ancient dragon king, worth more than a million gold coins.” 
“And there were more than a dozen specimens of twelfth-tier monsters, each one a famous monster! Though not as strong as a demon king, each was powerful enough to dominate a region.” 
“Their value is beyond mention; even the royal family of the War Empire begged for one but never got any.” 
“For this, our boss didn’t hesitate to offend several noble families of the empire.” 
Grugia explained. 
Lin Tian pretended to listen intently. “Then seal the city quickly. With so many things, they can’t be moved out all at once. We can find them.” 
“No need, these things are worthless to me.” 
The One-Eyed Owl interrupted. “I’m just curious who dared to steal from the Dragon Slayer Guild. I will place even stronger trophies here and wait for him to come back! I want to see his true face!” 
Compared to the loss of the items. 
She was more curious about who did it. 
If it was really just a weak thief, catching him would be meaningless. 
“I see. Boss, you’re formidable!”  
Lin Tian felt immense regret in his heart! 
The Goblin Empire was in dire need of money right now. 
He hadn’t realized those specimens were so valuable! 
If he had known, he would have kept a few to sell and could have enhanced the empire’s strength. 
For instance, buying some equipment, advanced magic tools, or battle pets from other empires. 
Now, Lin Tian had expanded his operations to the imperial level; it was no longer the barbaric era where he could just rob. 
But he still loved to rob the most. 
However, before doing that, he needed to develop stealthily until he was strong enough. 
Then, the One-Eyed Owl walked out. “Kid, let’s continue. Osius, Grugia, handle this matter.” 
“No problem.” 
Seeing the One-Eyed Owl, Lin Tian couldn’t help but think that this guy was indeed extraordinary. 
Her thought process was truly bizarre. 
Even though their business had been raided, she still had the mood to teach him combat skills? 
Just as he was about to follow, Grugia placed a hand on Lin Tian’s shoulder. “Rookie, don’t be in such a hurry. You are now a member of the guild too, so help clean up.” 
“Ahem, Big Sis is going to teach me something. Don’t get in the way.” Lin Tian spoke seriously, forcibly leaving. 
He was too lazy to do that work. 
Watching the two return to the Dragon Slayer Guild. 
Osius was puzzled. “Why didn’t you stop that kid? Even though he’s annoying and weak, I don’t want to see him bedridden tomorrow.” 
Grugia sighed heavily. “The rookie is quite strong. I tried to hold him down, but he broke free. What can I do?” 
“Tsk tsk tsk, let’s just pray he survives.” 
Everyone spoke with regret. 
They had tried their best. 
Because they knew the training Lin Tian was about to undergo would definitely include some personal emotions from the One-Eyed Owl! 
The result would be unimaginable misery. 
They had intended to save Lin Tian, which was why they tried to hold him back to clean the museum. 
Unfortunately, they hadn’t manage to save him. 
They couldn’t openly state the reason; otherwise, it wouldn’t be Lin Tian getting beaten up, but them. 
The next day. 
Time passed. 
At a bedside, members of the Dragon Slayer Guild came one after another to take a look. 
They all left, sighing and shaking their heads. 
The third day, the fourth day. 
It took a full week. 
Lin Tian slowly opened his eyes. 
He saw Osius taking care of him nearby. “Kid, you’re finally awake! If you had slept two more days, we were going to give you a mercy killing!” 
“What happened to me?” 
Lin Tian only felt his head aching and his memories jumbled. 
He tried to reach up to hold his head, only to find himself wrapped in bandages like a mummy. 
People came in one after another to visit. “It’s a miracle!” 
“This kid is tough; he’ll definitely achieve great things.” 
“To survive Big Sis’s torment, he’s already beyond human!” 
Lin Tian wasn’t touched, but Grugia was almost moved to tears. “Rookie, I almost thought I killed you out of fear that day!” 
He had been thinking these past days, if only he had held him back a little more. 
Maybe Lin Tian wouldn’t have ended up like this. 
“Huh? What exactly happened to me?” 
Lin Tian looked utterly confused, not understanding why everyone seemed to be mourning. 
The One-Eyed Owl walked in from the doorway, still looking sexy. 
However, her face had an unusual hint of apology. “Kid, I was too harsh that day. I didn’t expect the super recovery potion to be used up, so I poured all the high-level recovery potions on you. I thought you wouldn’t make it, but you survived!” 
“Huh?” Lin Tian tilted his head, thinking. 
Suddenly, he remembered that terrifying day! 
He was purely being brutally beaten by the One-Eyed Owl! 
He even secretly used all his strength, yet he couldn’t escape getting knocked down again and again. 
The One-Eyed Owl seemed like a war machine. 
There was no flaw to be found, and his attacks had no effect. 
His own attacks were like a max-level player slaughtering newbies, easily deflected. 
“Boss, don’t you think you should compensate him? That was too harsh. You personally recognized him and let him join us.” Grugia spoke up. 
The One-Eyed Owl covered her face with her hand, looking helpless. “Alright, alright! I’ll teach you something real. Do you remember how I beat you up before?” 
Upon hearing this, Lin Tian thought about it and then described it. 
He remembered the One-Eyed Owl moving like a boxer, her feet constantly tapping. 
Always keeping the blood flowing quickly. 
It was like avoiding a machine stalling, as restarting would be time-consuming. 
And he could hear those breaths, like a peculiar melody. 
The One-Eyed Owl responded, “That’s right. It’s a breathing technique combined with martial arts that I created. It can significantly boost mental power! 
It allows every strike to exert over 120% of the body’s strength and the fastest reaction speed.” 
Hearing this, Lin Tian looked surprised. 
Was there such a combat technique? 
It wasn’t found on her attribute panel skills. 
So it could only be considered a combat technique, not a skill. 
“When you’re recovered, I’ll take you to practical combat and teach you properly as compensation.” The One-Eyed Owl said and then left. 
Grugia laughed. “Rookie, you’re really lucky! When the time comes, you have to teach me a move or two.” 
“I’ve taken care of you for so long, don’t forget my kindness!” Osius said with displeasure. 
Lin Tian nodded. “Although you guys usually don’t treat me like a human, I won’t forget your help.” 
“Hey, with that attitude, you can deal with your own mess. I won’t help you anymore!” Osius got annoyed and left. 
Lin Tian quickly called out, “I was wrong, good brother. We’re all buddies!” 
Amidst the laughter. 
Lin Tian felt these people were much better than he had imagined. 
If it were someone else, they would definitely despise him. 
But Osius and the others seemed unfazed about dealing with his mess, as if it didn’t matter to them. 
“Damn it, this kid isn’t very big, but why! Why is he so much bigger than me!?” Grugia watched from the side, saying bitterly. 
At that moment. 
He was genuinely jealous! 
Osius felt the same way. “It’s not scientific! No wonder this kid dares to pursue Big Sis. He has the skills for it, damn it!” 
Lin Tian now looked human. 
But he could control parts to revert to his true form. 
Previously, he had fantasized about marrying the One-Eyed Owl, so he reverted a part of his body. 
After all, preparation was key before any action. 
“Screw this, I’m done!” Osius, twisted with jealousy, walked out. 
Soon, no one was left. 
They had felt sorry for Lin Tian before, but now, they wished he would die! 
… 
Another week passed. 
Lin Tian had almost fully recovered. 
The One-Eyed Owl also received information about the location of a twelfth-tier monster. 
… 
You can read extra chapters at <a href="https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/">Etude Translations</a> linked to Patreon! <a href="https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/">https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/</a> 
Join our Discord! <a href="https://discord.gg/twRz58dUce">https://discord.gg/twRz58dUce</a> 
