Chapter 215: One-Eyed Owl, Do Whatever You Want! 
TL: Sungmin  
Immediately, he dodged quickly, trying to attack various parts of his opponent’s body, using the process of elimination to find a weak point. 
Gamus looked disdainful. “Stop struggling! This is nothing more than a game of cat and mouse! Once your strength is exhausted, I’ll tear you apart with ease!” 
Up in the sky. 
A piercing screech echoed! 
The colossal Garuda eagle dove down, its sharp talons fiercely digging into Gamus’ back, attempting to lift him up. 
But it couldn’t even pierce his skin, let alone lift him. 
With a swift backhand, Gamus grabbed the eagle and broke its wings with his bare hands. 
“I defeated countless of these weaklings in my youth! You think you can ambush me?” 
As he spoke, Gamus stomped the eagle underfoot. 
He tore off its head as easily as one would slaughter a chicken! 
But this bought Lin Tian enough time to locate a weakness. 
Suddenly! 
“Pfft!” 
The Spear of Zeus easily pierced just one centimeter above Gamus’ navel! 
As effortlessly as slicing through fruit! 
It went straight through his back. 
In an instant, Gamus lost all his strength, falling to his knees in shock. “Why! How could you break my Endless Form?!” 
The body he had taken such pride in, undefeated for decades. 
Now, in this moment, a goblin had shattered it with ease! 
“Hmph, if the spear’s attack range weren’t so small, you wouldn’t have survived this long.” Lin Tian sneered as he spoke. 
Gradually. 
Gamus’ once strong body began to shrink, reverting to its previous emaciated form. 
Blood continuously poured from his mouth. 
His entire body trembled and convulsed—not from pain, but from sheer terror of death! 
Sara also dispelled the illusion of the Trojan Colosseum. 
The remaining two war gods were stunned, exclaiming, “Impossible, the Elder’s Endless Form was broken by a goblin!!!” 
The situation was like a bolt of lightning on a clear day! 
It was harder to accept than their own deaths! 
“Go… leave now while you still can… There’s still hope if you run! This goblin is far stronger than we imagined!” Gamus said in agony, his face full of unwillingness. 
Lin Tian narrowed his eyes, looking at him with disdain. “Leave? You think the Goblin Empire is a place you can come and go as you please?” 
Then, borrowing a large blade, he beheaded Gamus. 
This head would later serve to intimidate the Trojan Empire. 
Seeing this unbelievable scene. 
The other two war gods from Troy let their guard down and were also swiftly killed. 
“These guys were really tough to handle, but kid, you’re stronger than I thought. You managed to take down that monster! I’ve heard that Gamus’ Endless Form once cut through an army of hundreds of thousands of monsters alone!” One-Eyed Owl wiped the blood off her body, astonished as she spoke. 
Of course. 
The most shocked of all had to be Sara. She knew the true power of the Endless Form all too well. 
Yet Lin Tian had easily taken it down. 
She stood frozen in place. 
A mixture of fear and joy filled her heart. 
It meant that the Trojan Empire would soon be conquered by the Goblin Empire. 
She would become queen, basking in supreme glory! 
“It’s done. Everyone, you’ve worked hard. Tonight, all your expenses in the city are on me!” Lin Tian declared. 
Now that the hidden danger was removed, everything else would be smooth sailing. 
Behind him. 
The cheers of other demi-human and monster allies rose up. “We feel so safe here! Long live His Majesty, the Goblin King!” 
The cat girl Sophia approached, rubbing against Lin Tian as she said, “Your Majesty, how about coming over to our place for a bit? We all admire your bravery so much, meow. No charge, and you can pet us as much as you like, meow!” 
“Your Majesty, my daughter has admired you for a long time. She would be honored just to bear your child!” The elder of the serpent folk said excitedly. 
Was this really happening? 
Lin Tian was almost dumbfounded. Wasn’t this a bit too outrageous? 
Though many people indeed wanted to have his children, that was usually for the throne, power, or wealth. 
But seeing the shy, blushing young serpent girl, he understood. 
She was that naive girl who hadn’t understood much before. 
It was perfectly normal for her to have these thoughts now. 
The succubus brothel madam also circled around Lin Tian, releasing her unique alluring scent. “Your Majesty, I don’t usually take clients, but if you’re willing to come tonight, I’ll make an exception just for you!” 
“Ahem, alright, when I said relax, I meant real relaxation. You all are trying to exhaust me to death!” Lin Tian declined them all. 
Once, he had been that young man who feared nothing. 
But now, there were simply too many offers. He had gradually lost interest. 
Only the most refined things could pique his interest now. 
At this moment, One-Eyed Owl spoke, “You’re a considerate kid. Come on, let’s go. We haven’t had a drinking contest in a while. I’ve been learning from the dwarves recently, and I guarantee you won’t walk away sober this time!” 
“Oh?” 
“Big Sis, you’ve lost to me so many times. What if you lose again this time?” 
Lin Tian grinned mischievously as he spoke. 
Next to him, Osius egged on, “Big Sis, you really need to show some sincerity this time!” 
“Yeah, you’ve lost several times here in Goblin City, and it just ended without any follow-up. Have you forgotten the old rules?” Grugia chimed in, his eyelids practically twitching with excitement as he grinned at Lin Tian. 
Lin Tian flashed a knowing smile, like Donnie Yen pointing in a direction while smiling. 
Smart. 
He would be greatly rewarded. 
Under the pressure of everyone’s teasing and finger-pointing, even One-Eyed Owl’s face reddened slightly. “You guys… you still recognize me as your Big Sis, don’t you? How dare you make fun of me?” 
“Big Sis, that’s not how it goes. Back when we had drinking contests and I lost, you didn’t go easy on me at all. I… I was even humiliated by an old lady! Boo-hoo!” Grugia recalled his unpleasant memories, nearly unable to keep it together. 
Hearing this, One-Eyed Owl waved her hand dismissively. “Hmph, so what? It’s no big deal. I’ll win for sure this time! Kid, if I lose, you can do whatever you want! But if you lose, how about letting me be the Goblin King for a few days?” 
“But don’t worry, I won’t interfere with internal affairs. I just want to continue launching wars, heheh!” The thing she craved the most was fighting. 
The more chaotic, the better. 
Lin Tian shrugged. “No problem. Let’s go.” 
“Your Majesty, what about attacking the Trojan Empire and… my situation?” Sara suddenly grabbed Lin Tian’s hand, looking at him with hopeful eyes. 
Lin Tian replied calmly, “It’s only a matter of time. Don’t worry, you’re already mine. I’ll keep my word.” 
Hearing this, Sara finally felt at ease. 
The group then headed to the Bunny Girl Tavern, with even Alice tagging along for a change. 
Normally, in her spare time, she would always be training her combat abilities. 
But this time, she seemed a little interested. 
“Welcome! Oh my god, it’s His Majesty the King! Everyone, come out quickly!”  
At the entrance of the Bunny Girl Tavern, the owner spotted Lin Tian and was completely awestruck. 
One by one, adorable, long-legged bunny girls came out to greet them. 
You can read extra chapters at <a href="https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/">Etude Translations</a> linked to Patreon! <a href="https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/">https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/</a> 
If you have any questions about updates, join our Discord: <a href="https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC">https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC</a> 
