Chapter 230: Psychological Games, the Zerg Queen’s Despair! 
TL: Sungmin  
“Why are you helping the goblins? I can team up with you to overthrow the Lords of Sin in the Uninhabited Zone and avenge you!” the Zerg Queen spoke again, clearly wary of him. 
Gegard scoffed, his tone filled with disdain. “My revival is a gift from the goblins. Why do you think I’m helping them? Besides, his accomplishments will far surpass yours. World Class Sword Skill!” 
With that, he swung his sword again! 
The demi-human insects hastily retreated, though hundreds were still cut down. 
There were a full two million of them—how long would it take to slaughter them all? 
Lin Tian and his group broke through the encirclement to provide support. “What are these things? Each one has over three thousand combat power!” They could hardly believe it. 
If the Zerg Queen continued evolving and producing at this rate, she might eventually mass-produce soldier bugs with combat power exceeding ten thousand! 
The mere thought of it was terrifying. 
“Be careful, these soldier bugs have high awareness. They retain the memories of the previous generation and are very familiar with our attacks!” Gegard warned the group. 
Every race, every demi-human’s attack pattern seemed well-known to them, allowing the bugs to easily dodge. 
Meanwhile, a large number of demi-human creatures were being slaughtered by the magic bugs, their screams filling the air! 
The Zerg Queen cackled with excitement, “Goblins! Now do you see my power? The heavens may grant you one miracle, but never a second! No one can save you now!” 
The magic bugs’ attacks grew increasingly skillful and intense! 
Ten thousand of them surrounded Alice, the One-Eyed Owl, and Gegard, requiring a long time to clear.  
At this rate, after just three waves, their stamina would be completely drained. 
Certain death awaited them. 
Yet Lin Tian simply laughed. “Queen, what if I told you I have another miracle in store? What would you think then?” 
“Gods wouldn’t favor someone like you! What miracle could you possibly have left?” she sneered. 
Suddenly! 
A cacophony of rustling, loud and piercing, echoed through the air—an overwhelming sound of countless creatures crawling closer! 
Everyone felt a chill down their spines. It was the sound of a massive, synchronized army of insects! 
The Zerg Queen hastily controlled one of her magic bugs to look back. 
Her pupils constricted instantly!  
What appeared before her was an army of tens of millions of ants! 
And they were brand-new soldier ants! 
Though smaller in size, about two meters tall, each one had sharp, goblin-like fangs! 
Their eyes glowed red, their limbs were muscular and strong! 
They had a humanoid appearance and could walk upright. 
In terms of combat power, each ant matched the second-evolution magic bugs, with a strength of three thousand! 
They swarmed into the chaotic battlefield, tearing into the demi-human magic bugs. 
Their methods were as brutal and savage as the goblins themselves! 
Despite having the same combat power, these ants could fight one-on-two, tearing the demi-human magic bugs apart. 
“This is impossible! Ant Queen! What are you doing? Not joining the fight was one thing, but have you become a traitor?” the Zerg Queen demanded coldly. 
Both queens could control their respective armies of insects completely, so they were able to communicate telepathically. 
The Ant Queen chuckled darkly, “Kekekeke~ Queen, I’m no traitor. I will always be loyal to the ant race…” 
“Traitor! I’ll kill you myself!” the Zerg Queen shrieked in fury, sending one of her Zerg Kings to deal with the Ant Queen. 
But, as she looked at the situation before her, she hesitated. “Damn it! Why is this happening?” 
If she sent the Zerg King away, the goblins would storm the palace, and she would be in danger. 
Frustrated, she reluctantly held back. 
Lin Tian smiled in satisfaction. “Well done, Ant Queen. Now let’s head straight to the Zerg Queen’ palace! Wait for me! I’ll make sure you taste my methods!” 
“Stop them! Stop them!!!” the Zerg Queen screamed hysterically. 
But with the hybrid soldier ants now in play, she no longer had enough troops to hold back Lin Tian and his group. 
The demi-human magic bugs were barely able to protect themselves. 
Thus. 
Lin Tian and his team arrived at the familiar mountain and set their sights on the palace standing tall at its summit. They charged straight toward it! 
“Boom!!!” 
The palace doors were kicked open by Lin Tian. 
The Zerg Queen shrank back in a panic, but her enormous, fleshy form was rooted in place and couldn’t move. 
She could only cry out, “Quick! Kill them! Kill them!” 
Two Zerg Kings immediately charged through the dust kicked up by the shattered palace doors. 
“Swish!” 
Two dark figures flew out of the dust! 
The Crocodile Demon King, wielding a bone blade, slashed wildly at one of the Zerg Kings. Their combat powers were evenly matched. 
Lin Tian was surprised. “Wasn’t that crocodile killed by the trojan war god? Why is it still here?” 
“Your Majesty, Troy’s creatures are virtual. Even if they’re killed, they can be summoned again after some time,” Sara explained, holding an ancient staff that glowed brightly as she controlled the Crocodile Demon King. 
Now, only one Zerg King remained. 
Alice and the One-Eyed Owl immediately launched a fierce attack! 
They pressed it back, leaving no chance for it to counterattack. 
Lin Tian’s gaze then turned cold as he looked at the enormous fleshy mass that was the Zerg Queen. He paused briefly, then spoke, “Queen, you seem to have shrunk. But it doesn’t matter anymore. I’ll give you three choices. Want to hear them?” 
“Hmph, Goblin, aren’t you celebrating too early? I have three choices for you as well—do you want to hear them?” the Zerg Queen sneered, her gaze dark and sinister. 
Lin Tian curled his lip in disdain. “I know you still have some tricks left. The strongest power of the magic insect race isn’t the Zerg Kings, but you. So what?” 
“You know?!” For a moment, the Zerg Queen grew nervous. “If you know, why would you dare come here?” 
“Because I truly want to torture you with my own hands!” Lin Tian gritted his teeth, speaking with deep resentment. 
Thinking back on the past half year, during which he had endured torment so unbearable it made him wish for death, he felt madness rising within him. 
It had been far too long since he last tortured someone. 
The last was the human, Loder, and the next would be this Zerg Queen! 
He then spoke, “Let me give you your three choices. First! Since you love playing games so much, why not go have fun with all the demi-human monsters on the front lines, along with the hybrid soldier ants! One round with each of them!” 
At the very least, there were still one or two million demi-human monsters left. 
That meant one or two million rounds. 
Hearing this, the Zerg Queen’ eyes twitched, and her expression grew complex as she remained silent. 
However, Alice and the others, who were still in the middle of battle, felt their hearts clench! 
One or two million rounds—just imagining it was overwhelming. 
Saying it would be like “sparks and lightning” was an understatement. 
“The second option,” Lin Tian continued, “although I absolutely despise you, I wouldn’t mind getting a little revenge first. Obediently offer your true body to me. Then, once I fuse with a dragon or another gigantic creature, if you manage to survive, I’ll let you go.” 
His eyes gleamed with a malevolent excitement, as if he could hardly contain it. 
Alice and the others shuddered again at the thought. The Zerg Queen’ true form was about the size of an average person—they couldn’t imagine how horribly she would die! 
“You lunatic!” The Zerg Queen’ face was filled with terror as she swallowed hard. 
Then Lin Tian gave his final choice. “Give up resisting and obediently become a breeding machine for my goblins. But don’t think you’ll get off easy! None of these choices will be pleasant! You’ll have to produce at least ten million hybrids each day before you can rest!” 
Immediately! 
The Zerg Queen exploded into curses, “Madman! You devil! Ten million? Even if I had that capability, I’d be worn down to the point I couldn’t even keep my own filth in! Don’t push me to the brink of death with you!” 
“Kekekeke, fine. If you resist, you’ll have to go through all three options!” Lin Tian growled, his eyes glaring at her with a savage intensity. 
For a moment. 
The massive mound of flesh that was the Zerg Queen trembled violently. She realized that if she died during the process, it would be a relief. 
But if she didn’t die, the torment would be unimaginable! 
Just thinking about it caused her mind to teeter on the edge of chaos. 
She didn’t know whether she should risk everything and fight Lin Tian. After all, her combat power was at the Demon King level, stronger than the Zerg Kings. 
But if she lost, she would endure all three of those hellish punishments! 
If she didn’t fight, she’d have to choose one of them. 
The only chance to escape this nightmare was if she could defeat him. 
“Are you sure about this?! Your combat power is nowhere near the Demon King level, and none of your companions can help you! Aren’t you afraid I’ll kill you?!” the Zerg Queen stammered, trying to intimidate him. 
Lin Tian remained as calm as ever, his gaze filled with a twisted excitement and a thirst for screams. 
His demeanor had already thrown the Zerg Queen into complete disarray. 
Despite having superior combat power, she didn’t dare gamble on it! 
The risk of failure was too, too terrifying. 
This was a psychological game! 
Although Lin Tian wasn’t strong enough to face the Zerg Queen’s true form, if Alice or the One-Eyed Owl managed to free themselves, they could deal with her. 
But avoiding a fight altogether would be ideal. 
“I’ll count to three. If you don’t make your choice by then, it’ll be too late to regret it…” Lin Tian began. 
“Three…” 
Thump! Thump! Thump! 
The ominous countdown echoed in her ears, making the Zerg Queen’ heart pound wildly. Her massive form seemed to shrink further in fear, drenched in cold sweat. 
“Two…” 
“One…” 
Finally, at the last moment, the Zerg Queen cried out, “Enough! I-I surrender! I choose the third option! The first two would mean certain death! You lunatic! Devil! Pervert! Goblins are the most vile creatures in the world! Waaaaa!” She burst into tears, sobbing pitifully. 
At that moment, the Zerg Kings who were still engaged in battle were left utterly dumbfounded. “Your Majesty, y-you’ve surrendered?! What are we supposed to do now?!” 
Slash! 
Alice thrust her sword into the Zerg King’s abdomen, muttering, “Lord Sylph…” 
Shwsh! 
A blast of sword energy exploded like a whirlwind, tearing the Zerg King’s internal organs to shreds. 
If they had continued fighting, it would have been hard for Alice to break through the Zerg King’s armor, given the gap in combat power. 
But with the One-Eyed Owl having cracked it slightly, Alice seized the opportunity and delivered a killing blow. 
On the other side. 
The Crocodile Demon King had begun to struggle as the Zerg King pressed its advantage. 
Lin Tian hurled the Spear of Zeus with all his might. Though it only slightly cracked the armor, the blood-weakening effect of Blood of Ruin came into play. 
With that, the Crocodile Demon King regained the upper hand. 
“Queen, why did you surrender?! Why didn’t you help us?! You traitor!!!” the Zerg King roared in frustration, only to be caught by the Crocodile Demon King, who bit down on its head, executing a lethal death roll. 
It was killed on the spot. 
Watching her two most trusted servants die right before her eyes, the Zerg Queen sank deeper into terror. “I…I…” She stammered, unable to finish her sentence. 
Suddenly, a slick, squelching sound filled the air. 
The Zerg Queen began separating herself from the mound of flesh, revealing her long, slender legs and a delicate waist. 
Her bloodshot eyes wide with desperation, she rushed forward and knelt before Lin Tian. “Goblin Majesty, I’ve surrendered! I beg you, please show mercy and reduce my punishment. I can produce hybrid species for you, but could we lower it to a hundred thousand per day? Please, I beg you!” 
“I-I’ll even lick your feet. Forgive me!”  
The Zerg Queen cast aside her pride and dignity, leaning down to press her head against Lin Tian’s feet, clinging to him in a desperate bid for survival. 
Feeling the warmth and the tingling satisfaction of dominance, Lin Tian’s expression remained icy as he responded, “Alright, I forgive you. But first, let me drain all your magic power.” 
With that, he took out the Magic-Sealing Sword he had reclaimed from Gobu Jian. 
You can read extra chapters at <a href="https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/">Etude Translations</a> linked to Patreon! <a href="https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/">https://etudetranslations.com/novel/pfgtgg/</a> 
If you have any questions about updates, join our Discord: <a href="https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC">https://discord.gg/WvPmVkAgFC</a> 
