Chapter 233: Demigod Bloodline? Evolving Ingredients! 
TL: Sungmin  
“This… this pressure, it’s impossible!” 
“Why are my legs turning to jelly? I’m about to kneel!” 
“We’re doomed! That’s a real angel, our nemesis! What do we do?!” 
The demi-human monsters wailed in despair! 
Chaos erupted, and they were at a loss. 
Even the Zerg Queen lying before them failed to hold any allure now. 
On the ground, the Zerg Queen lay, half of her face submerged in the nauseating, foul-smelling mud of blood, as though she was already dead. 
Yet, her pupils contracted, and she let out an excited laugh, “Haha! Finally! I’m finally going to die! O angel, please judge me! Kill me!!! Aahhh!!!” 
Having experienced such suffering, she had long wished for death. 
To live without hope and be unable to die—that was true despair. 
Now, with the angel here to kill them all, she was, naturally, thrilled. 
“Oi! Things just got messy, huh?” Even the One-Eyed Owl couldn’t help but sweat, “I don’t even have the desire to fight that thing from the heavens. What kind of monster is this? It looks like it can toy with lives at will… kind of makes me sick!” 
“This… this feeling! Impossible!” Sara was on her knees, holding herself up with her hands to avoid collapsing, her pupils trembling! 
Just one glance at Javier was enough to stun her with the overwhelming aura of divine glory, almost knocking her unconscious! 
The being that had descended upon the world, illuminating all things! Commanding awe in everything! 
The impact was too overwhelming! 
To her, it was a sacred honor that made her body immediately submit. 
But her spirit was still resisting. 
When she heard Javier’s words, spoken like a divine oracle, aside from those like Gobu Kuang, who had the power of a hero, nearly all the other goblins, monsters, and demi-humans were already trembling on their knees, begging to survive. 
Even the hybrid soldier ants controlled by the ant queen had their connection severed. 
They were forcibly brought to their knees. 
“Damn it, is this… divine punishment?” 
Osius and Grugia were also trembling in despair! 
The members of the Dragon Slayer Guild feared no death! 
But that judgmental pressure, reaching deep into their souls! 
It made them quake. 
Staring at Javier, Lin Tian’s expression grew complicated. He quickly used the system to check her stats. 
[Javier: Lv100<br/>
Race: Angel<br/>
Profession: Archangel of Judgment<br/>
Title: Judging Evil, Holy Body, Demigod…<br/>
Health: 4000<br/>
Strength: 1600<br/>
Defense: 1400<br/>
Skills: Ultimate Judgment, Holy Light Protection, Holy Healing Song, Judgment Execution, Divine Pressure…<br/>
Equipment: Holy Armor, Holy Cross Sword<br/>
Overall: 17,990] 
Lin Tian hadn’t expected an archangel to be so strong! 
However, it seemed like she was alone. 
His expression relaxed slightly—there was still a chance, but with a battle power of nearly 18,000 and super-powerful divine abilities… 
Even if he combined all his monsters to form one massive boss, they still wouldn’t be able to win. 
However, Alice and the One-Eyed Owl were humans, not monsters. 
They might be the only chance to defeat her. 
“A demigod… So, could angels be eaten to evolve?” Lin Tian muttered, his Scarlett eyes fixed on Javier. 
That was the extent of it. 
In the life simulation earlier, he had been killed instantly, so he needed to avoid drawing attention for now. 
Not far away. 
Gegard, lacking a head, didn’t need vision. 
Sensing the angel’s pressure, she was shocked. “This power… Even a Lord of Sin wouldn’t stand a chance. The bane of monsters, is it? Gods, this is just unfair!” 
“Hm?” 
Hearing Gegard’s voice, Javier’s beautiful eyes locked onto him. 
Her face darkened with disgust. “An evil undead dares speak of the gods? World-Class Magic! Judgment… Execution!” 
Whoosh! 
Javier raised her longsword and aimed it at Gegard, unleashing a beam of pure white holy light! 
At least a hundred meters wide! 
It was breathtaking! 
Violent winds whipped up, tossing Javier’s golden hair and skirt as they fluttered dramatically—radiant and domineering! 
On the ground. 
Gegard’s body trembled. Out of habit, he turned toward Lin Tian. “Goblin Majesty, it seems… I won’t be able to protect our homeland anymore. You must survive!” 
“Boom!” 
The beam of holy light engulfed her entirely! 
Along with a multitude of monsters and demi-humans around her, they were reduced to ashes! 
There wasn’t even time for a single scream! 
The holy light persisted for a full ten seconds. 
When everything finally settled, it left behind a massive crater, a hundred meters deep! 
It was a world-class spell, and on top of that, a supreme holy attack that specifically countered monsters! 
This was far more potent than the suppression effect used by the Pope. 
Even though Gegard was a Demon King-level entity and part of the undead, there was no way he could survive. 
Lin Tian clenched his fists, holding back his anger, but he remained silent, grateful that he had been far enough away! 
No wonder he had been instantly killed in the life simulation—surviving such an attack would have been impossible! 
Javier’s expression remained calm as she surveyed the area below, her gaze curious. “Strange, why do I not see the true instigator of evil? That undead from before shouldn’t be it…” 
“Your Grace, Angel!” In the midst of everyone’s despair and shock, Alice stepped forward, speaking respectfully. “Your Grace, Angel, there’s a misunderstanding. Our leader is also a divine messenger! Everything we’ve done has been according to the will of the gods! Could it be that overthrowing the Zerg Empire has violated the divine order?” 
“Hmm?” Javier’s expression shifted slightly as she scrutinized Alice. 
In an instant, she understood. “A fallen one, is it? Conflict between monsters does not violate the divine order. But over a year ago, the destruction of the Holy Church was connected to you. I seem to recall that you were once the Sword Saintess of the Church. Why, then, did you choose to fall?” 
Those who consorted with monsters were often labeled as fallen by angels. 
Seeing this, Lin Tian’s face darkened. If Alice were to be swayed, things would get out of hand! 
Now that he had a clearer sense of Javier’s power, it was time to go on the offensive! 
As long as they could wound her with Blood of Ruin, the other monsters would have a chance to fight her. 
“Big Sis! Will you fight the angel with me?” Lin Tian called out, taking advantage of the moment while Javier’s attention was on Alice. 
After all, in the eyes of humans, angels were on the side of justice. 
But who knew what they truly thought? 
Upon hearing this, the One-Eyed Owl blinked in surprise, her face darkened. “Are you out of your damn mind? Who else would I help if not you? That pompous bird from heaven?” 
“Brother Tian, you’re underestimating us a bit! Who cares about this nonsense of justice or evil? You conquered those cities, and I had my share of fun! As long as it’s the right thing, count me in! Are we making our move?” Osius and Grugia forced themselves to remain calm, speaking mockingly. 
Bill and the other dwarves also stepped forward, pulling out their magical devices. “Going up against Heaven, huh? Haha! Even this old dwarf can feel his blood boiling—what a thrill!” 
They were part human and part dwarf, so they could only be considered half-monsters. 
They weren’t affected by the suppression of the Holy Light. 
This allowed them to act freely. 
However, the ancient dragons, who were full-fledged monsters, were completely blinded by the light. 
Of course, they could eventually adapt to the suppression. 
But it would take a long time. 
“Father, I can help fight, too!” 
This voice echoed in unison. 
It was from Little Black and Spark. 
With Lin Tian’s bloodline coursing through him, he was strong and fierce, quickly adapting to the situation. 
He could barely make out his surroundings now. 
Still, a head-on clash with Javier would mean certain death. 
Lin Tian nodded firmly. “Good. Listen to my orders. Don’t engage her directly—just keep her distracted. Create an opening for me to land a hit!” 
“Understood!” 
Everyone nodded in unison. 
As Lin Tian and his group approached, Javier temporarily disregarded Alice. “You adapted to the Holy Light’s suppression so quickly? And there are this many fallen ones… Looks like I’ll have to deal with you first!” 
“World-Class Magic: Judgment Execution!” 
Once again, a beam of pure white holy light was aimed straight at Lin Tian! 
Everything in its path was obliterated, reduced to nothingness, to dust! 
“A lowly goblin should never be able to adapt to the Holy Light’s suppression. No matter, he’s dead now. Next, I’ll deal with those fallen…” Javier muttered to herself, but then suddenly sensed something. 
She quickly turned to the side. 
In that instant, the world seemed to slow down, and her golden eyes shifted. 
She clearly saw the Spear of Zeus narrowly graze past her! 
If she hadn’t reacted in time, she might have been hit. 
“Primitive power imbued into a magic device? Dwarven-made, I suppose…” Javier muttered, impressed. 
The Spear of Zeus carried no magical energy, only the power of lightning. 
Her body had low resistance to such attacks, so there was a chance she could have been hurt. 
If it had been a magical item powered by monster magic, her resistance would have negated most of the damage. 
By the edge of the massive crater, Lin Tian quickly recalled the Spear of Zeus, wondering if he could land another sneak attack. 
Just now, thanks to Gobu Kuang’s Royal Domain, which boosted the Ruinous Howl skill, Lin Tian had managed to propel himself away using the recoil. 
Otherwise, he’d have ended up like Gegard—reduced to ash. 
“That kid… How is he still alive?” The One-Eyed Owl was stunned but also frustrated. “Flying that high, there’s no way I can reach her…” 
At that moment, Little Black and Spark leapt through the air, flashing swiftly! 
They aimed their breath attacks at Javier, hoping to restrain her movements. 
“Holy Light Protection!” 
Javier didn’t even bother dodging. Two cross-shaped shields formed on either side of her, blocking the attacks. 
Her Holy Light resistance made her nearly immune to such attacks. 
Though Little Black’s breath had fire elemental properties, because of his mixed bloodline, it was more of a hybrid element. 
Now, it was backfiring. 
If it weren’t for his mixed blood, the pure elemental flames might have posed some threat to Javier. However, she continued to lock her gaze on Lin Tian, raising her longsword, “World-Class Magic: Judgment Execution!” 
“Boom!” 
Another blast fired toward him! 
Immediately after, she tilted her head slightly, dodging the returning Spear of Zeus with ease. 
Lin Tian could hardly believe it—how was she dodging this effortlessly? He had clearly timed his attack to catch her during the skill’s casting delay! 
Yet, he still couldn’t land a hit! 
It was proving to be much more difficult than he had anticipated. 
But if he could just take down this angel, he’d be one step closer to his evolution! 
