Chapter 241: The Wish of the Knight’s Evil Spirit! 
TL: Sungmin  
After Alice completely betrayed the Church, her divine power was stripped away. 
This was akin to the power of faith. 
Very mysterious. 
Simply learning holy-type attack skills did not grant the ability to use them. 
One had to be a believer in the Catholic Church. 
“What? What do you mean? I don’t get it,” Lin Tian was a bit confused. 
Alice finished putting on her armor and attempted to activate her holy power. In the darkness, golden light flickered in her pupils! 
Although the divine aura was faint, it was undeniably holy power! 
On this continent, it was the only unique force specifically designed to counter monsters! 
Even Alice was astonished. “How could this happen? How did I actually recover my holy power? But… I even killed an angel. Could it be that the True God hasn’t blamed me and is trying to convert me?” 
That didn’t make sense either. 
The True God was a supreme deity with a lit divine spark, not a sycophant. 
Moreover, divine power drew its source from faith. 
Alice believed she had long since abandoned her faith in the Church, following only her own inner beliefs. 
There was no reason for her to awaken holy power again. 
Lin Tian checked her combat strength. Indeed, it had soared from 15,000 to 17,000! 
Nearly 18,000! 
She had truly reawakened her holy power! 
This was absurd! 
Especially since she had just done something that blatantly violated the Church’s rules. 
Suddenly. 
Lin Tian seemed to have thought of something. “Alice, you may not believe this, but perhaps… perhaps it’s because of something special about me that you reawakened your holy power.” 
“Something special about you?” Alice was still confused and looked puzzled. 
Lin Tian, however, maintained a serious expression and solemnly said, “I fused with that angel’s kidney earlier, which means I can infuse you with divine power and help you reawaken!” 
Anyone else hearing this would think it was an insult. 
But seeing Lin Tian’s serious demeanor, Alice thought it might actually be possible. Still, the more she thought about it, the more embarrassed she became. “T-Then… thank you very much.” 
“It’s nothing,” Lin Tian almost couldn’t keep a straight face. 
He had stumbled into this possibility by pure accident. 
However, in general, Alice regaining her holy power would definitely be of great help in breaking through the Uninhabited Zone. 
Her combat strength had also increased significantly. 
“In the future, I hope you can continue to help me improve my holy power…” Alice said earnestly. 
Lin Tian felt that the situation was getting out of hand and could only nod in agreement. 
“Swoosh…” 
At that moment, a cold wind blew by. 
The two of them shivered. 
Seeing the increasingly thick fog, Lin Tian felt something was wrong. “Let’s return to the Zerg Empire first. It’s supposed to be summer, but it’s strangely cold at night.” 
He turned around. 
Suddenly, a rotten, half-skeletal ghostly face appeared right in front of him! 
Its eyeballs were a sickly yellowish white, utterly revolting! 
“Where do you think you’re going?” the evil spirit rasped, as though a tormented soul was moaning in agony. 
It was horrifying. 
Lin Tian was so startled he almost dropped the basket he was holding. “Goddamn it! I’ve been on guard all this time, and you ghosts always show up when people are most relaxed, don’t you?! I’ll blow you away!” 
He was about to use world-class magic. 
It was like watching a horror movie—you knew there were ghosts, but they always appeared when you least expected it. 
Even if the King of Heaven showed up, he’d still get startled. 
Seeing Lin Tian gather the power of holy light, the evil spirit hastily explained, “Uh, I don’t know why either, but it seems like some force guided me to appear at that very moment…” 
“Why bother talking to him?! Damn goblin!” 
“Digging up our graves is one thing, but to be so merry with such a beautiful knight on top of our graves? I can’t stand it!” 
“Eat his heart! Drink his blood!” 
“I hate it so much! Why do we have to die while goblins live such joyful lives?!” 
In an instant. 
A dozen evil spirits gathered in the thick fog, drifting about, venting their grievances. 
Lin Tian quickly understood. “So, you guys are the lost souls of the Knight Expeditionary Force?” 
Alice also became more alert. “Don’t worry, I’ve reawakened my holy power. I can easily kill them.” 
As she spoke, she infused divine power into her Ominous Blade. 
The sword sizzled, emitting smoke, as the dragon soul within roared in fury! 
If not for Sylph suppressing it, the dark essence would’ve already started cursing aloud. 
“Wait a moment,” Lin Tian stopped Alice and said. 
After adjusting his mindset, he continued, “How about we make a deal? If you teach us world-class sword techniques or magic, feel free to state any wishes you have in return.” 
Upon hearing this. 
The largest of the evil spirits slowly floated toward Lin Tian. 
The evil spirit scrutinized Lin Tian carefully and sneered, “You? A lowly goblin? You aren’t even worthy of making a deal with us!” 
“And that disgrace of a knight! A human, yet consorting with a goblin! I am furious!” 
“Yes, kill them! Kill them both!”  
The auras of the evil spirits grew increasingly stronger, their collective combat strength nearing eight or nine thousand! 
Lin Tian, though startled at first, was no longer afraid. “Human or goblin, what difference does it make? I have the same wish as you.” 
Stunned! 
In an instant, the dozen or so evil spirits froze in place. 
The leader of the knights’ spirits hurriedly asked, “You… could it be that you also seek to break through this Uninhabited Zone?!” 
Upon hearing their dying wish, the evil spirits became excited, one after another. 
Lin Tian nodded solemnly, his expression serious. “That’s right. I’ve already conquered and unified all the lands within the wilderness. My current goal is to push beyond.” 
Seeing the determination in his eyes, the spirits were shocked, unable to believe what they were hearing. “The world… is ruled by goblins now?” 
“Still, there have been other monsters in the past who nearly unified the continent.” 
“Breaking through the Uninhabited Zone… I hate it so much! I hate the arrogant overlords! They’re too strong, far too strong!” 
“Why is there such a massive gap between humans and monsters? Why?!” 
The voices of their grievances stretched on, leaving an unsettling feeling in the air. 
After a long silence, the knight commander’s spirit finally spoke again. “Goblin, if you truly intend to break through the Uninhabited Zone, then… I am willing to pass on my life’s work to you…” 
“I am willing too! You must kill the arrogant overlords, kill them!” 
“Take our hatred with you and break through, break through!”  
One by one, the evil spirits echoed. 
Lin Tian pointed to Alice, who stood beside him. “No need. Pass on whatever you can to her.” 
Upon seeing Alice, the group of evil spirits suddenly grew agitated! 
They surged towards her in a frenzy, flooding into her mouth, ears, nose, and eyes in thick plumes of mist! 
Moments later, the spirits streamed out again. Alice, clutching her stomach, dropped to her knees, violently coughing. 
She didn’t look well. 
The knight commander’s spirit, with its sickly yellow eyes, glared intently at Lin Tian. “Everything I could give has been given. Promise me, take the creatures of this continent and break through!” 
“Kill the arrogant overlords, kill them!”  
The moaning voices of the spirits continued to echo as they gradually faded into the thick fog. 
