Chapter 244: Concept-Level Imitation! Mythic Magic! 
TL: Sungmin  
(TL: I recall that mythic was stated in the earlier chapters to be below world class, but now it seems like it’s above world class) 
“You must be bumpkins from some backwater, huh? I can’t believe there are still living creatures from places like that, and you’ve developed into something so ridiculous,” the woman sneered after a brief moment of surprise. 
The Skeleton Demon King chimed in, “Humans from the Church mingling with goblins, and even a goblin using holy magic? This world is truly strange~” 
They had lived in this place for countless years and had never seen anything like it before. The woman’s face filled with curiosity. “I don’t understand—how can a small goblin like you possibly see through our identities?” 
This ability of hers had killed countless powerful beings, including monsters. Even Demon Kings couldn’t see through it, but now, a mere goblin had done so. She couldn’t comprehend it at all. 
“Want to know? How about you tell me who you are first?” Lin Tian was just as curious. This creature’s power could even deceive his system. 
The woman didn’t bother hiding it. After all, this was her domain. Slowly waving her hand, thick smoke began to rise from her body, sizzling as it appeared. 
Gradually, her true form was revealed. Her face was still exceptionally beautiful, but her outfit was highly revealing, akin to a bikini.  
Her long, purple hair cascaded down like a waterfall. Half of her pale face bore a floral tattoo, making her appear both enchanting and dangerous. 
Her lips were plump and alluring. Her body, almost devoid of clothing, was covered in vulgar tattoos depicting obscene actions and placements. The whole look was simply explosive. 
She gave off an impression of being both “pure and chaste,” as if her “first kiss” was still intact. 
Finally, Lin Tian could use his system to see her true identity: 
[Scarlett: Lv100<br/>
Race: Demon<br/>
Profession: Forbidden Mage<br/>
Title: Lust Demon King, Seven Deadly Sins<br/>
Health: 4100<br/>
Strength: 1600<br/>
Defense: 1299<br/>
Skills: Infinite Lust, Slave Contract, Otherworldly Mist, Forbidden Soul Steal…<br/>
Equipment: None<br/>
Overall: 19,999] 
Lust Demon King? 
Lin Tian’s eye twitched. He hadn’t expected this person to be one of the infamous Seven Lords of Sin. Her appearance certainly matched the aura of desire. 
But, honestly, Lin Tian had zero interest in someone with such a scandalous look. Though, if she transformed into something else, he might be slightly interested—after all, she could become anything he desired: human, monster, elf, beast, dragon, god, demon, ghost, you name it! 
[Infinite Lust – Mythic Magic]: Completely transform into someone else, including gaining their skills, memories, belongings, and combat power, though the power can’t exceed your own upper limit. However, you must maintain self-control while casting. If you lose control, the transformation will revert, and all memories of the target will be erased. 
Looking at this skill, everything made sense. It essentially allowed her to become a perfect copy of someone else. On the surface, it seemed weak, but in the hands of someone skilled, it was the perfect tool for assassination. 
After all, who doesn’t have trusted people around them? Even if someone noticed something was off, they wouldn’t be able to distinguish the real from the fake. And if one of them secretly wanted to kill you, that would be a huge problem. 
“Love is eternal, but lust is fleeting. Only by constantly changing partners can one truly satisfy their desires. I am the Lust Demon King~” Scarlett teased as she slowly ran her fingers across her lips, sensually licking her fingertips. 
She then added, “Now, it’s your turn to tell me how you saw through my magic. You should know, even that person has been toyed with by me~” 
Lin Tian casually replied, “I guessed. Do you believe me?” 
For a moment, everyone seemed frozen, as if time itself had stopped. 
“My lord, he’s messing with you…” the Skeleton Demon King finally spoke up. 
“Smack!” 
Scarlett slapped him across the face. “Do you think I need you to tell me that?” Her tone turned dark and sinister. “Bumpkin, I haven’t decided to kill you yet, but don’t push me. If you piss me off, the consequences will be dire!” 
Lin Tian shrugged, “Alright, I’ll be honest. I’m a transmigrator from Earth. I used to be human, but I turned into a goblin and activated a system. The system is how I saw through your deception. I swear I’m telling the truth.” 
Scarlett’s expression darkened, nearly black with anger. She gritted her teeth and growled, “Nonsense! My patience has limits…” 
To her, what he said was beyond comprehension. 
Lin Tian sighed helplessly. “What more do you want from me? I’m really telling the truth here.” 
Scarlett snapped back, “You seem to have the power of a Demon King yourself, and yet, you don’t even have the confidence to speak the truth? I was thinking of inviting you to join my domain, but now I see you really are a bumpkin, trash from some backwater!” 
“World-class magic! Otherworldly Mist!” 
Immediately, several magic circles appeared, forming around her on either side! 
Thick, murky white mist erupted, rapidly expanding in all directions. In an instant, the entire area was shrouded in fog, obscuring visibility and even dulling sensory perception within the mist. 
The reduced visual range made it impossible to see anything clearly. It was a powerful support skill. 
Lin Tian quickly pulled out the Spear of Zeus and readied himself for battle. “Damn it, how am I supposed to explain this? This is just ridiculous!” 
However, suddenly, the mist completely dispersed. 
The next second, two identical Alices appeared in front of Lin Tian. 
The moment they laid eyes on each other, their expressions were exactly the same! 
“Whoosh!” 
After a brief moment of shock, they immediately began attacking each other! 
Their movements, techniques, and even weapons were identical! 
After exchanging a few blows, both Alices instinctively backed off, maintaining a tense standoff. 
This proved that even their combat instincts were exactly the same! 
Lin Tian quickly opened his system, checking both templates. Unsurprisingly, both of them were Alice’s system profile. 
At that moment, one Alice spoke first, filled with disdain. “Is mimicking others all you can do?” 
The other Alice echoed the contempt. “Lust Demon King, and you have the nerve to call others bumpkins? Your tricks are even more pathetic!” 
“Can you imitate my appearance, but what about this?” one of the Alices said, summoning Sylph, the wind spirit, as gusts of wind began swirling around her. 
But to Lin Tian’s shock, the other Alice also summoned Sylph! 
This was already on the level of concept-based magic! 
Lin Tian stared in astonishment before realizing something. “That skill… Infinite Lust… it really is mythic magic?! This is practically a cheat!” 
If anyone else had this power, they’d likely be selling their body to make money with it. 
This so-called Infinite Lust was nothing more than a top-tier imitation magic. 
“Boom!” 
Suddenly, a surge of Scarlett Darkspawn energy burst forth! 
“Boom!” 
Immediately after, two powerful waves of Darkspawn aura engulfed the entire town! 
“Who the hell dares to imitate me? Alice, little girl, release me completely, and I’ll kill this bastard right now!” one Darkspawn snarled, his voice dripping with anger. 
“Trash! Stop mimicking my voice, it disgusts me!” the other Darkspawn coldly added. 
At this point, Lin Tian started to sweat. Things were becoming incredibly troublesome. 
